you get what you pay for right?? \n\ni didn't feel like that was true here. denise and jacob had a real nice, large room with a love tub and a bar and they paid close to nothing. it was about $90 for a night. i was impressed. i had a chance to crash there for a while, in between dinner, going to margaritaville and making our way to the rockhouse. the room was neat and clean. the tub was spotless and the bathroom was huge. there was a separate living room area. the sofas were large and just soft enough. the bar was near the door and had a real nice size fridge. i wouldn't mind staying there the next time i am in vegas \n------------------------------------------------------------\n03/2009\n\n$80 for a four night stay, over the weekend too!! (Friday-Tuesday)\nYou can't beat that. Just the rates alone make you want to go to Vegas!!
I have come here a couple times for lunch with friends from work.  I really like this place:)  great pizza and atmosphere!  I had the truffled mushroom pizza which is saut\u00e9ed mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, goat cheese, mozzarella, fresh spinach lightly tossed in balsamic vinaigrette and a little white truffle oil for good measure.  It was really really good!  I know that one time I tried their white sangria which is also really good.  Next time I visit La Bocca will have to try their sandwiches... they looked awesome also:)
I meet friends here for lunch pretty often.  The pizza and pasta are always great and the servers are usually pretty friendly.  A lot of the time we have a buy one entree get one entree free coupon which makes it a really cheap lunch.  Two entrees and two drinks will run you about $20 or so with tip.
Cool decor, service was good and chicken was great.
Good food, nice atmosphere and well priced. Even had veggie ramen options, plus all around.
I booked this hotel through bookit.com as a mystery 5 star hotel which you have no idea which hotel you are getting until you press confirm. I was super stoked to see that I was staying here because it's one of the new hotels on the strip. Upon arrival, we were greeted promptly at our car as we pooled up for valet. It's Vegas you gotta do Valet for FREE!\n\nThen we entered we Aria doors...Ahhh, that amazing smell of vanilla freshness and not old smelly and smokey. We arrived at 1pm and our room was ready! Alright, no waiting till 3pm and we asked for a late check out. There normal check out is 11am but we were able to check out at 2pm...HIGH FIVE!\n\nThe hotel is super nice. The rooms were nice which sensors your coming because once we walked in the lights turned on and window shades opened. Wow! Oh, door sign for \"" do not disturb\"" NOT more like setting that feature on your tv and TADA!! \n\nWe had so much fun at the casino playing blackjack and the dealers are friendly. Of course, all dealers are different but we found one that was really cool and gave some winning pointers. We had so much here that we got chocolate wasted at there Deuces Lounge Bar after winning a couple hands at blackjack.\n\nThis hotel has so much to offer from shopping, clubbing, bar hopping, pool and more. We also went home with their hotel feather downed pillows!! We bought them  their  element gift shop for $20 each.\n\nI would definitely stay here again!
Awesome service from the entrance reception to Max the waiter he was attentive, friendly, and nows his stuff, he was also helpful in helping me choose my lunch and never forgot to come by to check if I needed refills for my soda or anything else. I looked around and he was nice to everyone I specially liked that he was very nice to an elderly couple next to my booth. The food was nothing to cry about the stake was just perfect specially since I have found out how hard is to have medium/rare since they either come out medium to well done, definitely not what I asked for, even the baked potato and vegetables were good as they were not under cooked or over cooked. Overall from the service to the food it was excellent I even got a soda refill to go. And they now serve lunch at 11am, hurray!!
We stayed here for 5 nights at about $50/night. Damn cheap for Vegas! The Flamingo is the second oldest hotel on the strip. It is no Bellagio and it is no Wynn, but it is nicer than most hotels I usually stay at around the country. Also, this hotel is smack-dab in the middle of the strip and perfect for checking out the surrounding hotels and sites.\n\nI like it because it has that 1950s look to it. It has this cheesy pink decor, which I liked because it's vegas! At night, it is the essence of old school Vegas and I loved looking at it. Donny and Marie are the big names performing there right now, which fits in perfectly with the hotel. \n\nThe room was decent, the view we had overlooked the tropical pools below and it was nice. Everyone who helped us was polite.\n\nThe great thing is that there are plenty of shops downstairs, a casino, a food court, and there is a pizza center which makes a really good pizza for late night snacking at only $12. Plus you should get the fries. For only $5, you get a mountain. And the gelato is good too. While you're there, try the burger place next door. I haven never seen such large burgers in my life.\n\nCheck in is a nightmare. Definitely go off the the side and do the express electronic check in to save yourself an hour of waiting in line.\n\nI would go here again if on a budget.
We just had lunch there. My wife had the quesadilla, and I got five tacos. The food was fresh and was delicious. The icing on the cake, however, was that they brought a free little plate of rice for our daughter.
Wow, so this is what old-school Barber Shops are supposed to be like?\n\nAwesome.\n\nOnly tried a few barber shops, in San Francisco, but was (pleasantly) surprised when I found this place. I forget their names, but went twice, liked the job both of them did: a great job, plus a straight-edge w/warm cream, PLUS the shoulder-massage-thingy (that I wasn't expecting, and didn't see it coming, since the mirror was behind me).\n\nGreat job, guys!
me and my girls are here all the time. The food specials are great and the service is good too. The wings of course are the main attraction here and they are as delicious as they seem. Tip: if you like your wings drenched in sauce, you have to let them know that! the atmosphere is very casual, and nice to have dinner with friends to watch the big game or the big fight.
very simple great fresh bagels made on site.\nyou can see and talk to the guys making the bagels.\norder a dz. to bring back. these are great bagel not better than NYC but totally different.\n\nmust stop and have one there's alway room for bagels!
I was craving halo halo so I found this place on yelp.  Came in and ordered a halo halo and of course, Lumpia. 8 pieces an order for $4.  I ended up ordering two orders of Lumpia, because who can resist?\n\nThe wait was a little long, but it was worth it since everything was fresh! The lady working was so sweet and made me feel right at home.  Halo halo was perfect!
Had my first Juice NV smoothie yesterday.  It was delicious and very satisfying!!!  Pineapple Jungle will not disappoint!!\nThe store design adds to the total experience....I left the stress of the hot day at the door...
SPAK SEXT: you are throwing pizza dough in the air. flour snows on our bare bodies. i want to be full of you. slide the first bite of pizza slice into my mouth. just the tip of it. if it's too hot. we blow on it. until i can take it down to the crust. so full. couldn't fit anymore inside. you are licking the sauce from my seitan wings. a hoagie. a breadstick. other phallic objects. how much more for double meat? a five-star yelp review. for making me yelp on the floor of the spak brother's pizza kitchen. listen. just because i'm vegan doesn't mean i don't want your meat inside of me.
I'll start off by saying that I know I only saw a small portion of the overall museum (and I wish I was able to see the natural history side too). Despite that, I thought that this was a very beautiful museum and the exhibits were done very nicely. The Egypt section was probably my favorite and while the hall containing the sculptures was nice, it was kind of a bummer to find out that the majority of them are replicas. I would definitely recommend this to any art or history lovers out there and don't forget to go next door and see the dinos!
Hit the Gong!  Please you can hit it!!!  Giant Chalkboard room in back - This is a cool place - Very friendly staff!  Different gifts for you or someone else.
if you've been to a Chick-Fil-A you know what you can expect - great service, great food, a select variety of condiments, and an overall clean friendly atmosphere, and the Chick-Fil-A @ Davis Lake doesn't disappoint.\n\nThis is often a stop for me on the way to work.  I have a few staple menu items:  the chicken/sausage breakfast burrito, chicken, the chicken egg/cheese on a multigrain bagel, and the famous Chick-Fil-A minis.  All of these items are filling, tasty and are consistent each and every time you order them.\n\nThe service is nothing short of excellent.  The attendants are always polite, courteous and friendly.  Furthermore, in some strange way, the people that work here feel somewhat authentic in their politeness.\n\nThe parking lot can sometimes be tricky to navigate, but nothing to crazy.\n\nThe only downside about this place is that it can be somewhat pricey.  But the fact that this location regularly has free breakfast give aways more than makes up the pricey menu.\n\nIf you like Chick-Fil-A you'll be perfectly satisfied with this location.
I had the pleasure of being the first customer to this brand new restaurant today!  I was joined by Mike C. & Robyn N., & we feasted on approximately 130 different, delicious food items, including Chicken Cordon Blue, bok choy, stuffed scallops, lots of other seafood including Sushi, & a variety of shrimp & fish dishes.  There is also a Mongolian BBQ with plenty of meat & veggie choices.  Lots to like here!\n\nLunch Buffet $7.95/$7.16 Sr.
Visited Hawthornes on 7th Street last night (June 5th).  I was not expecting it to be so busy on a sunday night, the place was hopping!  Dispite the crowd, we were seated quickly and received impecable service.  Our waitor was Steven, ask for him to be your server....he was polite, well spoken, friendly, attentive and very knowlegable about the menu.  We ordered the Chicken Picata and a small pizza.  We were not disappointed, the food was soooooo good. Everything came out of the kitchen hot, fresh and quick.  We had a great time.  The resteraunt is very well run and organized, and the service was amazing!   I will be sure to visit again very soon.
Hands down, some of the best SE Asia food in Phoenix. I used to come here all the time, now days it's a special treat. This place is run by a very friendly Cambodian family who want nothing better than to give you a taste of what Cambodia food is. Highly recommended for both the food and the family!
Oven brick pizza here is delicious. Great romantic intimate atmosphere and on some nights they have live music outside. Love this place for dinner but not for lunch. I like this pizza better than the famous Bianco's pizza. Parking in the street is your only option and that is the only major complain I have about this place.
I can not remember the last time that I have been to an Olive Garden ~ probably 2004 or so ~ definitely before I was married..  \n\nDriving home from the grocery store, we decided to swing on in and have dinner at the old Olive Garden.  \n\nParking was packed.  And, we were about 8 couples behind on the wait list.  After waiting for about 30 minutes, we were finally seated.  I love the way the O-Garden is laid out - very spacious, wall colors are calm, and lighting is perfect.\n\nOur waiter - despite being really busy, spent the necessary time with us.  Took our drink, appetizers, and meal orders promptly.\n\nOnce he brought us our drinks, he also brought our yummy garlic bread sticks and chilled salad.  Now, I love the Bread Sticks here.  They seemed to be soaked in Garlic (yum yum yum) and are warm.  By the way, because of the \""heavy\"" garlic, you might experience some uncomfortable gas feeling at night... lol... pop in some GAS X before you head to bed.  Your partner would appreciate it... hee hee.  back to dinner... I must say the O-Garden have the bread delivery right.  I hate restaurants where the bread are HARD and difficult to bite into... Soft warm bread is the way to go.  As for the salad, it was perfect.  Dressing was light and ideal.\n\nWe ordered the Mussels as an appetizers.  Since we were hungry, the mussels were consumed within minutes.  Very good.  By the way, we took our Breadsticks and dipped it in the mussel butter sauce.   All I can say is \""Ummm Ummmm Ummm!!\""  Honestly, if we had to do it over again, we probably cut back on the bread... we kinda finished two basket full before our meal.  So, we were about 70% full before our entrees were even served.  Note to self, save some bread to take home (by the way, our waiter still got us some extra bread for our drive home too!  yeh yeh yeh!)\n\nFor our entrees, my wife ordered the Seafood Mari (can't remember the exact name) and I ordered the Chianti Braise Ribs.  Both dishes were truly good.  Her Mari was perfectly seasoned and had the right mixture of seafood.  And, the red orange sauce was not too tangy and did not overpower the dish.\n\nAs for my meal, my ribs were very tender.  I could cut it with a spoon.  My pet peeve with the meat was that the Chianti was a bit too strong and sweet.  They should have used a less potent Ruby Port wine or Chianti.  I did not really like the \""wet\"" brown rice that they served with string beans on top.  It looked kinda dirty and unorganized.  It looked like it was \""slopped\"" on.  I would prefer instead a clean pasta center piece with a mixture of color veggies (bell peppers, string beans, potatoes, etc..).  Needless to say, I did not care too much for the rice.\n\nFor two, drinks, with one appetizer, two entrees, salad, and \""complimentary\"" break sticks, the bill comes to about $55 bucks.  Not bad.  Add in the 20% tip, and it runs up to $65 or so for two people.\n\nOverall, it was a pleasant experience.  It is a nice change-up from all the Asian restaurants that my wife always want to go to.\n\nCheers and enjoy.
My favorite part of Vegas is the trip home. It has slowly become a tradition to eat here on the way out of Las Vegas. Although our whole group of girls loves this place, I am probably the only one who looks forward to leaving more than anything else for two very delicous words: crab legs.\n\nThe one thing I have spent my buffet eating trips loving is shrimp and cocktail sauce. Especially when there horseradish standing by. Now although I am still quite enamored with them, I think I have found my buffet soulmate in crab legs. Simply amazing. I am lucky enough to have a Tina Z. in my life who used to work at Red Lobster and has taught me the kung fu art that is extracting crab meat from the shells, but you'll figure it out. Trust me. Hot or cold. With or without fatty butter. I am starving just thinking about them and a little sad that I don't have my next trip out there planned yet. \n\nAnyway, for those who don't obsess like me, the rest of the buffet is also excellent. Waffles with strawberry topping or funky french toast covered in crunchy oat things. Pizza with a side of full roasted garlic heads (you read that right, not cloves, heads). Oh and my other weird obsession, bagles with smoked salmon and cream cheese. So good. The dessert bar is also pretty amazing. I fell deeply in love with their coffee flavored flan of some sort. And many flavors of ice cream! Blueberry pie! Man it's a good thing they're located in a different state beacuse I don't have the time to go to as many TKB classes as it would take to burn off these calories.\n\nOooh and the mimosa bar. Not sure if it's an everyday thing, but on Sunday there's a mimosa bar in which you can have champagne and pureed orange, mango, white peach, and a couple of other flavors. By Sunday alcohol is not usually on my list of what I want to drink, but I have started to try a glass here or there.\n\nWhenever you can find the time to fit this place into your Vegas trip, make it happen. Oh and you'll only spend ~$20 for a Sunday burnch. So worth it.
Very happening Scottsdale spot -- expect a lot of women in heels!\n\nPros:\n-Good, fresh food\n-Kind  and friendly service\n\nWhat We Ordered:\n-Eggplant frites -- ABSOLUTE MUST! They came piping hot and melted in your mouth!\n-Crispy brussel sprout leaves - also fantastic IF you like brussels :)\n-Ahi tuna with avocado -- expensive but fresh and divine with a refreshing lime marinade!\n-Cauliflower wild rice side dish - kind of bland, sitting in cream and butter and cheese. Wouldn't order again.\n\nOverall: Great & expensive!
My wife, not adventurous with food, loves this place... It's the only middle eastern place other than pita jungle she'll go to. Hummus is excellent, hot tea is the best In the area and servings are great value. I've had the lamb shank, which is excellent, beef shwarma special, chicken shwarma and a couple other dishes I have never been disappointed. The carrot pudding is really unique and tasty. Wife loves the chicken feta and has even gotten into some other conservative dishes. The service is always great. The owner remembers us now and has always been extremely welcoming. You will really feel like you are supporting a family establishment.
What a great spot! Amazing japanese cuisine and decor. Our server was great. We had him make a menu to share for the table, about $100 a person, so bring some $$ if u really want to enjoy this place for what it is, not a sushi bar! Dont understand some of the bad reviews on here. Those people must be doing vegas on a budget. Guess that explains the bachelorette's coments. :)  If so this is not your place. Try the Yellowtail sashimi w/ jalapeno, and the Kobe shortribs, you'll never forget em. be back soon!
Brunch, brunch, brunch. It was a surprise to find a place on a Monday that served breakfast after 1PM (I think we went around 2), but it was MLK Day and it felt like a Sunday to me. So anyway, cute place... we were seated by the window and didn't have a wait. Woohooo! Open space, yet cozy interior. I ordered the Cali Benny- love that hollandaise sauce, even better with avocado- which was delicious. Fresh and not ridiculously filling. I also tried the banana-peanut butter pancakes, which were interesting as well. Toast is a pretty solid spot, so I'll definitely be back.\n\nOh- and as we left, we asked for a coffee to go- the very nice employee gave us a complimentary cup, so naturally we left him a couple of dollars as a thank-you.
We ate here twice during our last trip to vegas, once for lunch and once for dinner. The menu was really interesting, the service was good, and the price was reasonable for a fancy place. The patio outside is really nice on a nice day.\n\nOverall the food was really tasty. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that I got the blackened fish tacos for lunch and they really weren't very good. Kinda fishy and otherwise flavorless.
Everything I had here was delicious.  The steak, chicken, wine, and even the salad  was very tasty.  I had Chicken Piccata, and it was honestly the best chicken I have ever tasted. It was juicy and very flavorful.  My boyfriend's steak came with horse radish on the side.  This place know's the real meaning of medium rare and how to pair flavors!  My mouth is watering as I think about those flavors.\n\nI came here with family, and I was not prepared for the awkwardness that ensued.  Everything is expensive!  I heard \""Steakhouse,\"" and dressed in jeans.  I should have Yelped first!  I was very under-dressed and uncomfortable.  It was a situation where I regretted ignoring those etiquette lessons on which fork to use.  When a family member went to the bathroom, the waiter quickly switched her old linen napkin with a fresh, folded napkin!\n\nMy only real qualm, as my previous complaint was due to a lack of preparation and socioeconomic status, was the wait-time.  We had reservations, and we still had to wait over a half hour for our table.  We weren't the only ones.  There was nowhere to stand or sit as we waited because the place was packed.  Why bother with a reservation?  [That is sarcasm.  If you are coming here on a busy night, you better get a reservation.]
Awesome looking shop. Employees are super helpful and friendly. Very informated and answered all my questions. Most definitely coming back!
As a finale to my last three day stay in Las Vegas we finally came here.  We just wanted drinks and to listen to the piano and watch the people go by so this review is totally a reflection from my experience sitting in the front by the railing at the piano bar.  It was fantastic and the pianist took requests.  While we conspicuously consumed our Czar caviar, Veuve Cliquot, and Russian Grain Vodka we were serenaded with the sounds of the themes from Love is a Many Spledored Thing and The Valley of the Dolls.  I wanted him to play Won't you come home Bill Bally and Spinning Wheel but he just laughed and covered his mouth and said he couldn't play that here.  He was fantastic and so was the lulling lobby traffic.  Truly a romantic and luxurious place to wind up your trip or any evening.  If you want to have more than a beer though bring a couple hundred dollars with you.  :)
City Vintage is a gorgeous little store that I stumbled across during a wander through Morningside, hidden away on Colinton Road. I was enticed inside by the gorgeous ornate mirrors in the window and I couldn't help but take a peek inside.\n\nInside there are pretty little pigeon holes filled with vintage treasures from retro coca cola merchandise to antique jewellery and home furnishings. You can expect to pay up to around \u00a3200 for one of their big beautiful mirrors, however at the other end of the spending spectrum you will find nice little ribbon tied bunches of lavender for around \u00a31 each and unique and interesting cushions for around \u00a35 each.\n\nThe whole place has a quirky kooky feel that you might expect to find in any vintage store, however it manages to sieve through the tat to bring its customers the very best vintage treasures in this beautiful boutique.
The food was perfect. Eaten several times, but the portions seemed to be getting smaller. \nThe sashimi was very fresh.  The atmosphere was quite being in a casino hotel.  \nMust tries include the tuna pizza and the sushi roll made with pop rocks.
My parents lived in Vegas for awhile and introduced me to this FANTASTIC sandwich place. Now every time I am anywhere near a Capriotti's, I have to go. I absolutely love the \""real\"", Thanksgiving style turkey on it! No compressed mystery turkeyloaf here! The cheesesteaks are excellent too, just avoid the hot peppers unless you have a hankering to burn off a few of your tastebuds. YUM!!
Omg this place is the best imma come here every time im in Vegas. .. Paula was amazing
Great tacos! Long lines! They are worth the wait! I had chicken tacos and carne asada fries and Wow I loved them.  I don't so much like the wait but if you are looking for great Mexican food, a must try.
Decided to go to Claim Jumper for dinner. Had not been here in a long time! I enjoyed the garlic cheese bread. It was warm, soft, and tasty. I ordered the rotisserie chicken with mashed potatoes and green beans instead of roasted vegetables, as well as the potato cheddar soup. Everything was very flavorful! They do not shy away from seasoning here. The soup was cheesy with chunks of potato and seemed to have a garlic/onion powder flavor. There were also little crunchy french fried potatoes on top. The chicken was tasty, the mashed potatoes were VERY buttery, and the green beans had like a mesquite seasoning. I liked them a lot! And they were well-cooked... not too crunchy. My boyfriend ordered a slice of pumpkin cream cheese pie to go. It was HUGE! But I know most of their desserts are giant... Six-layer chocolate motherlode cake, anyone? We also had good service. Nice meal overall, and I have leftovers for tomorrow!
Went in for girls brunch yesterday. Couldn't resist having my usual jerk pork hash. Spicier than before; delicious. \n\nProbably still my favorite bloody Mary in town. The jalape\u00f1o bacon and dill pickle really do the trick. \n\nMy girlfriend partook in bottomless mimosas for $20. Not bad if you have 3 or 4 and get your money's worth. \n\nMy mom and girlfriend had the special omelette with mushrooms, spinach, turkey, roasted red peppers and blue cheese. They loved it! A bit pricey $16. But they weren't complaining. \n\nOn the contrary, my jerk pork hash is priced low at $7 and is enough for 2 meals!\n\nBreakfast was $120 for three with tip! Yowsa! $50 of that was drinks. Guess that's what you get when you are a lush in  the morning. \n\nService was attentive and excellent as usual.  They refill your water after every sip. \n\nStill haven't been for dinner but have had brunch about 10 times!
This is one of the bars that makes the Carson Street experience enjoyable.  Although less so than The Library, Smokin' Joe's is one of those places that has multiple personalities depending on the time of day.  On weekdays and up until around 10pm on weekends, the place has regulars, you can use the pool table or play darts without too much trouble, and it's a great place to catch a Pens game.  Late night on weekends, the downstairs gets packed with one too many girls sipping on Washington Apple shots for my taste...But it's certainly still fun.  Unfortunately, unless there's a game on, the upstairs is always, well, boring, and the excellent beer selection does not extend to up there.  I wish they could do something to make better use of the upstairs space.\n\nDon't expect the bartenders to know how to make any sort of specialty cocktail unless there's beer involved.  I'm obsessed with the Haystack: half Hoegaarden, half Framboise.\n\nOne thing that's a little backwards about Smokin' Joe's is the abundance of Miller Lite specials.  You are a beer bar with a huge selection on tap and hundreds of bottled beers:  Why all the specials on crappy beer?
always a fantastic place to take the kids. The weather here gets hot fairly quick and when you want your little ones to get exercise,this is the best way. they have inflatable slides and bouncers as well as athletic inflatables too. i would recommend this place as a 4.5 if i could but sometimes its hard to find an employee that doesnt seem completely drained...
Came here with the girlfriend on a business trip of hers. Room was paid for by company. We got the terrace bedroom. We literally thought it was a suite and it was huge with everything high tech great view with see through hot tub and shower made it a great couples room and living area was spacious with big couch. Service wise throughout hotel was great everybody was friendly gaming was ok not too many options as far as games and slots go
Quality food made the way you like it.  Great service and prices.
So, I am planning my next trip to Vegas which I leave for next week, and I stumbled upon Le Reve on Yelp. I saw this show last time I was there - April '11, and I still remember it like it happened yesterday. The thing is, I haven't seen any other shows in Vegas, nor am I familiar with Cirque Du Soleil, but this was one of the best things I have ever seen in my life. \n\nI was a bit confused as in what this show represents, or if there was a story behind it. If I knew that Le Reve meant \""The Dream\"", it would have made a lot more sense to me in the beginning. You know how you can make up anything possible in your dreams, as crazy or amazing, or even scary? Well, that's how I felt watching this show. I was in absolute awe the entire time... I could not believe my own eyes! The music, the special effects, the acrobatics, and the lighting just kept getting better and better throughout the entire show! I was thinking to myself... how is it even possible for all of this to be happening! \n\nThe Wynn Theater is beautiful, and because the stage is designed around a circular pool, there are no bad seats in there. I heard it was one of the more expensive shows in Vegas, not sure if that's true or not, but you def get what you pay for. I know we bought them on-line while we were still in Chicago for a somewhat cheaper price, so there are discounts available if you look close enough.\n\nWe had a nice dinner at a cafe in the hotel beforehand, and had some time to kill before the show started, so we never felt too rushed. It was a gift for my dad's 60th birthday and we all had an amazing time during the show. I highly recommend this to anyone I talk to about Vegas, and I am even thinking about seeing it again next week with my boyfriend.
Do yourself a favor and order the bacon-wrapped figs, some Serrano ham and a selection of cheeses. This is a terrific way to start out your evening and all go great with a terrific selection of beverages. Their house gin & tonic is made with Hendrick's. Enough said!
I was introduced to this place by my husband almost 3 years ago. Prior to that, I've heard of it before, but have been. Since then, we come here maybe...every other month (or whenever we get a coupon for this place). \n\nEvery single time we've been there we've had great customer service. We've gone when it's been both slow AND busy and have never had any problems. Food is usually at the table within minutes of us ordering. \n\nThey give complimentary chips and salsa which I actually don't mind. I know some reviewers say it's bland, but I usually doctor up the beans and just add some hot sauce to the salsa and my hubby and I are fine with that. I'm assuming that have to keep the level of spiciness and a moderate level to cater to the masses. I've always loved the chips and salsa so no complaint there. \n\nHubby usually gets steak fajitas and I get my carnitas plate. Almost always I scan the menu wanting to try something new, but I LLLLLOOOOVVVVE carnitas and with the exception of one time, I've never been disappointed. The one time I was disappointed was because I felt it hadn't been seasoned enough and needed just a tad bit more simmering/slow-cooking/whatever you call it. That was about a year ago, and I've had it twice since then and I'm completely happy with it. Hubby LOVES his fajitas. Let me tell you...once again, have never been disappointed. The steak has always been seasoned well and never overpowering. \n\nIn my opinion, the portions are HUGE! We always have to take leftovers home. We even ask for extra tortillas for take home and they always oblige!! \n\nAnd yes, I've had all kinds of Mexican food and although this may not be super authentic, the food's great and I'd recommend it any day!!!
This is a pretty good TJ Maxx; the clothes and bags are a little behind on trend, but that's normal..for the bags at least. There is major good news though, there are complete steals in the accessories section. There are really cute boho bags and backpacks, cute sunglasses and beautiful scarves. \n\nI love bargains, and I love this store. I really liked that it was organized and uncluttered, unusual for me because I live in a very populated city. This store was worth visiting and there wasn't a super long line :)
Old School Vegas and cheap junk food at it's finest! I love this place, it's always one of my first and favorite stops on Fremont St.  Is it dirty? Yes.  Is the food cheap and awesome? Yes! I have never sat at a slot machine for more than 45 seconds without having at least one cocktail waitress ready to take my order.  Word to the wise: if you want the booze to keep flowing in a timely fashion TIP at least a buck or two on every drink.  All it takes is 1 or 2 bucks on the first drink and they usually have another one in your hand before you can blink.  The good one's remember what you're drinking and don't need to ask. I love the penny slots in the row to the right of the front door. Just bear in mind that it's better to put smaller bills in the machines because when you cash out you either get nickels you have to take to a cashier or for large amounts you have to wait for a \""hand pay\"" which can take awhile but hey, with free gin and tonics steadily coming my way I've never minded the wait.  Oh and for the love of god get rid of the free beads before you move on to the next casino, it's a red flag for how drunk you really are and tends to make your cocktail server wary and and therefore slower
Outstanding.  The bone-in ribeye was cooked perfectly and totally delicious. The bar has the best whiskey selection I've seen.  Service was prompt, and we had an amazing time.  Awesome meal, exactly as it should be.
Awesome music, super friendly Barista's, delicious treats, yummy satisfying beverages, friendly regulars, and plenty of room (when you consider the picnic tables outside as well - nice weather and sunlight permitting)! The best in-house-made chai and whipped cream i've probably ever had. I also love those lucky evenings when i go in & there is someone baking deliciousness that fills the place up with enticing aromas.\n\nP.S. I'm definitely one of those people who will come to Lux to study or do homework for 3 sometimes 4 hours... for those of you who complain about customers like myself, maybe you should consider that we may spend about $20 a week there and are valuable customers to Lux - just like you are. If my books are over crowding where a chair is and you would like to sit there, please just ask. I'd be happy to make room for others and share space.
Amazing service. It doesn't matter if you're rich or poor these guys treat you with such great respect. It's been about a year since I've been in. I love this place. You come out feeling like James Bond. I've done the MW thing and the mall thing like Nordstrom. If you are a grown man you should have yourself a tailor. This is a family run business and they are proud of that. It was so nice to see. If Peter takes care of you. He will take GREAT care of you. I thought me and this guy were the same age he was so professional and mature that I was surprised to find that I was 7 years older. Service was top notch. \nI had so many compliments at a wedding in Cabo San Lucas. One guy from NYC asked who I was wearing and his brother walks up and says screw that. Who is your tailor? haha enough said.
1.Chocolate Sea Salt- Wonderful. I get that one everytime no matter what else I try. Just add more Salt please!\n2.Salted Caramel- Great caramel flavor. Add more Salt please!\n3. Arnold Palmer-My favorite drink hands down and the pop isn't half bed either\n4.Earl Grey Lemonade-It's okay, leaves a bad after taste.\n5.Watermelon Mojito- Don't know how I feel abouth this one other than the lime needs to be pumped up!\n6.Iced Coffee-Amazeballs!!!!!\n7.Strawberry Balsamic- No thanks\n8. Orange Vanilla Saffron-Not bad, more vanilla and saffron flavor please\n9.Strawberry Banana-Ehhh\n10.Coconut Lemongrass-Cool and refreshing. Very good\n11.Pineapple Habanero-Love it!! Nice level of spice\n12. Banana Puddin'-Tastes like the real thing and had nilla wafers!\n13.Key lime Pie-Perfect on a hot day!\n14.Strawberries and Cream-I'll pass. Needs some sugar\n15.Pomegranate Lemonade- I didn't actually have this one, but my friend said it was good lol
I never miss Happy Hour at RA every time I am in Vegas....the best! Excellent food and excellent prices. If only there was one in Alaska..I would be there daily. Very friendly service also. Best Tempura Calamari and Salmon Carpaccio ever
We went to Hash House (not A Go Go) on purpose because it was the only restaurant in Las Vegas mentioned in Michael & Jane Stern's Roadfood book.  We had great service, delicious food (hash of course) and got to meet Mary herself!  She's such a neat person and even brought out her copy of the Savoire magazine that the restaurant was featured in recently.  We remarked afterward that you don't get to meet Bobby Flay, Emeril or Wolfgang Puck when you go their places.  We'll definitely recommend to anyone going to Vegas.
Great cocktail selection, fancy atmosphere.  Reasonable price (martinis around $7).  The bartender was very attentive and the drinks were great.  If you're looking for a more \""hip\"" bar scene and want to be off-campus, check this place out.
OK, all those 3 star reviews are when you think A-OK, which so far really suits this buffet. I gave it 4 for promise it initially showed, & I hope they read the constructive reviews. \n\nWe were excited at opening, & since, & had high hopes it would continue. The food is still great for the price, better than the old China Star they replaced. They offer a variety of hot foods, including potstickers, dim sum & soups, but now a lot of the more interesting main dishes they had when they opened have been replaced by less flavorful ordinary fare; a lot of pasta/krab, the wonderful shrimp in fancy sauces now smaller shrimp in garlic sauce week in week out, & even the better standard dishes, like the chicken are not resupplied. The enchiladas & pizza for KIDS & others not into the asian fare go fast & the pizza like cheap frozen store stuff with few toppings, greasy yet dry & overdone. My kids won't eat it. The fresh fruits in their DESERT bar have been unripe, & less to choose from. If it's green/unripe,don't serve it. I hope it's a temporary supply issue, as their pineapple oranges & melon were so nice through the holidays. They used to have six flavors of ice cream, but the last two times there was no green tea ice cream, the strawberry & chocolate were empty, as was the sherbet, & what was left was so hard it took the kids 20 minutes to dig up a dish. The SUSHI bar was stellar when they opened, great variety, and you could request hand-rolls. Now you are lucky if you can find anyone to understand english, & it seems the \""sushi\"" is relegated to fake krab & salmon. The cooked salmon 'sushi rolls' had bones in them last visit, & we had a hard time finding anyone that understood english to alert them. They had tuna but only spicy mush & with raw salmon, & did not want to make any tuna rolls for us until I got someone & explained WHY we wanted something - anything - that didn't have salmon! They have a HOT GRILL that is nice for a change, especially when you tire of the same old hot entrees. I hope they can bring back the more special dishes, at least one or two, once in a while! \n\nBlue Pacific was one of the best asian buffets in Phoenix when they opened, at any price, & a phenomenal deal at $9 until recently, when I'm afraid they've started to cut corners. I'd rather pay a little more to get the great variety of food & service they served initially. Blue Pacific showed such promise & started out so good, I gave it a \""4\"" & still hoping for more. If not I'm afraid I'd have to downgrade to a 3, or worse.
Convenient to were I work. Always friendly and polite. Sometimes too friendly when the regular customers come in, but they seem to get the job done.
I just found my new BMW shop. These guys were very personable and knowledgable. I dropped off my car and picked it up an hour later and they treated me like I've been a customer for years, even greeted me by name. I got a full OEM oil change in the $80 range and to my surprise they gave me a 10% discount for being a first time customer. \n\nI also had some questions about some noises coming from the engine bay, they looked it over free of charge and I left with several quotes and options. I left feeling confident that they are trustworthy and knowledgable. Over all it was a pleasant experience and I'd recommend them if you looking for a BMW shop (Mercedes too I think). They've gained my business, I'll be going back!
As cultured as my palate is, I have never enjoyed Thai food.  It has always been my least favorite type of food...until now.  I was reluctant to go to Tipp's because I have always had a bad experience with Thai food, but my friend wanted to go for her birthday, so who was I to refuse?  I'm so glad I didn't.  \n\nUpon entering the restaurant, I noticed the spaciousness and cleanliness of the area.  There's a cute little bar you can sit at if you want, too.  We were greeted by a friendly man who promptly seated us and was then quickly waited on for our drink orders.  My friend LOVED the Thai iced tea she ordered.  I forget the name of the entree I ordered, but it was kind of like pad Thai but with squid.  The squid came out perfect and complemented the noodles just right.  One of my other friends ordered the Hawaiian rice plate, and it was really good as well.  The portions are kinda big, the prices are kinda perfect, and the service is kinda awesome, so I highly recommend.  If you think you hate Thai, think again.  Go to Tipp's.\n\nNote: There appears to be a party area, so if you're looking to host a bigger group, I believe this place can accommodate.
I tried Culvers for the first time this week and loved it. It's a bit pricey but well worth it. I will surely becoming a regular at this place.
Authentic, delicious!  Great prices, chips and salsas are fantastic!  Better than any Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale!!!
So this place has a swanky feel. Come dressed up in more than jeans and a sweater. We came here after enjoying some drinks upstairs at the English Pub (the name escapes me) but needless to say, my palate was not as discerning anymore. I ordered a brownie with ice cream to split with the rest of the group and well, it sucked. The brownie was hard and pretty tasteless. The drinks here were pretty good. They have a wide selection of nice cocktails. They also have a cigar list and you can smoke outside if you're into that. It was a little older crowd than I expected, but can't knock for that. It was pretty packed on a Saturday night, but getting a table was pretty easy.
Great atmosphere, sushi tasted great, and the customer service was excellent! I recommend sitting at the sushi bar.\n*order the extra spicy tuna*\nWill be returning with my wife on many more occasions.
A great place to spend the day with your kids or Grandkids.  My daughters and their pre-teens enjoyed the exhibits as much as I did.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but seeing the kids transfixed by some of the displays let me know that we did the right thing by coming here.  We will be going back since we were only able to see about half of the exhibits.
What a lovely restaurant. It is literally tucked away on a residential street so pay close attention or you will miss it, better yet just use your GPS.\n\nSo, we went yesterday for a pre-birthday lunch for me and my sister. I started with the spinach salad with citrus vinegarette dressing, BACON, goat cheese and candied walnuts. It's an entree side so I split it with my man. My main course was the stuffed empanadas. It came with a large portion of beans & rice. Um, um, good!! At most restaurants it seems like the beans & rice are an afterthought, but not here. Everything was perfectly seasoned. \n\nSurprisingly, I managed to save room for dessert. Key lime pie with topped with toasted coconut. I'm a key lime pie connoisseur and this is as good as it gets.\n\nOur waiter told us about how happening Fuego gets on weekend nights with a live band, can't wait to return on the weekend.
Pane Bianco is to sandwiches what Pizza Bianco is to pizzas, namely heaven on earth. \n\nBoth share Chris Bianco's dedication to using only the freshest, locally-sourced ingredients.  Pane Bianco features home-made bread baked in on-site wood ovens, hand made mozzarella, basil and greens out of Chris's own garden, and high quality meats from locally owned Schneider sausage. You can't get more local, or better quality than this. \n\nPane Bianco has the added benefit of being a sandwich counter, which means you don't have to wait hours for a taste of deliciousness.  Although as others have mentioned at the lunch peak you may have to wait a few minutes; after all quality can't be rushed.  Take the opportunity to grab a coffee next door, or better yet, get to know your fellow sandwich fanatics--this is how community is built.  \n\nIf you are looking for an infinite selection of sub-par ingredients, or care more about price than quality, there are several other sandwich shops for you. so please don't bother coming here. And if the idea of ordering along side individuals who don't look like suburban clones scare you, this likely isn't your place either.  Check out one of the approximately 1,912 other sandwich shops in strip-malls throughout the Valley that cater to your tastes.  But if the freshest,and highest quality ingredients, knowledgeable service and authentic surroundings are are important to you, Pane Bianco is your type of place.\n\nAnd if you do value quality over quantity, and authenticity over generica, but still feel that $8 bucks is a little steep for you in the current economic climate, share with a friend. The portions are generous enough to share and still feel satisfied. (although be sure to snap the chocolate treat for yourself!)
Great food and ambiance.  We moved into the area and like to have a regular Italian place with a nice bar.   Food was great, staff seemed great - other than Frank the bartender who only pays attention to you if you're over 70 and a regular.   We would have become regulars if it wasn't for him.  Average of $120 (if you actually ask us if we want more wine) for dinner at least once a week with a 20% tip will go to a different bartender
Their Alfredo the Dark is probably the best pasta dish in Phx. And then there's the Pazookie...
I am a big fan of ethnic foods! This place had great good, It was easy to be seated without a wait. For a first time try one of the platters that offer a little taste of the different dishes. My favorite was the beef stew style dish, I am unsure what their name for it was but the meat  was very tender with lots of flavor! YUM!
Yes. Huevos Rancheros served on the most perfect montreal bagel?? Just the best! I'm not a fan of their coffee or their potatoes, but still I love the meal itself so much that it warrants 5 stars. And the service is very fast, so when you're waiting in line it doesn't take too long.
This is a great hotel. Everything is very clean and updated. The Wifi is good the staff is super friendly & accommodating. \nThis hotel is away from the strip but there is a hourly shuttle that will take you to Planet Hollywood.\nThe pool is outdoor and very nice.\nThis will sound strange but they have one of the best breakfast bars I have ever seen in a hotel. Fully equipped with fruits, steel cut oats with tons of toppings, breakfast sandwiches and starbucks brewed coffee.\nHad an 8 month old baby with us on this trip and had absolutely no problems with noise or anything. The shuttle drivers even let us bring our carseat on so it was easy for us to get the baby back and forth to the strip. \nLong story short, I liked this hotel.
Yes, the 'in crowd' is definitely at Kona Grill, after all they do it so well with the flashy cars parked up front and the clientele is a mix, with lots of singles who are ready to mingle.  I recently took some friends from San Francisco there and they loved it. You can always count on Kona to be a hot spot, with something for everyone and who can resist the people watching. When the weather is good, make sure to get there for happy hour, dig into a little sushi and their flatbread pizza is great. However, once you claim that outdoor seat, think carefully before you leave since the seating becomes rare as the evening approaches.
Great for when I want to have a Taiwanese/Hong Kong style dish and they do have great bubble tea. I've had better food elsewhere, but it's great for Pittsburgh. Some of the dishes can be inconsistent in qualify from time to time. However, the restaurant is in a great location in Squirrel Hill, and it definitely fulfilled my cravings for Taiwanese/Chinese food when I did go there! :)
Spent one night here over the Memorial Day weekend because Travel Zoo did a $99 deal for a night with an upgraded room, free poolside cocktails and no resort fee ... nice!\n\nThe resort feels like an intimate village with a very upscale sensibility (Obama did stay here after all!). Our room was beautiful with an amazing bathroom, huge big bed and great outdoor space with outdoor double recliner bed. \n\nWe spent most of the day at the adult only Oasis pool which was refreshingly non-sceney. All shapes and sizes were there and the poolside waiters kept the drinks coming all afternoon long!\n\nI would go back to this place in a heartbeat or as soon as they have another $99 deal!
This is cool place to eat. Great atmosphere and good food. Good people. Food has been great every time I go.
I love this place! It's walking distance from my office that service delicious fast food.\n\nIt's a great place to grab a quick freshly made breakfast burrito or sandwich.\n\nThe lunch is very good too! They have a daily special that includes a side and a drink and they have good homemade type sandwiches. My personal favorites are the Korean BBQ Sandwich and they make an awesome tuna salad sandwich!\n\nTell them I sent ya!
To escape within the city for a dining experience reminiscent of a restaurant on the East Coast overlooking a lake, you may want to try Garfield's. It's a great escape from the strip lights and strip malls, located on restaurant row along the lakes.  For a pretty location, you expect expensive prices as their competitor two doors down boasts, but you'll be happy to discover that their menu is fairly priced (not cheap, however) and despite the pricing and ambience, the best part is--you can wear jeans and a t-shirt there any meal of the day.\n\nWe valet parked, despite the parking lot being small and not a far walk in any direction (because it was there--why not?) and immediately walked through the lovely trellis, past a nice outdoor lounge near their outdoor bar, and into the indoor dining area.  Their kitchen is open, which means as you pass by you can see just how clean or dirty things are around there.  Thankfully their stainless steel appliances and walls were clean.  I looked at the floor in the kitchen, and it was spotless--a good sign of a clean kitchen and therefore clean food.  The indoor seating is strictly booths and half booths, but the star dining area is their sun room.  It's a floor-to-ceiling glass atrium with a wooden floor, very popular to sit in because of the fantastic view of the lake.  However, with so many diners crowding it and my lack of interest to sit amongst the bustle, I opted for a booth seat.  \nTheir service is impeccable despite being a casual restaurant.  All servers are in uniform, ones I expect in all honesty from a more expensive restaurant.  Tables are clothed in white tablecloth and your bread plate has the restaurant name and the year he was knighted as decoration.  They took our drink orders immediately, gave us 2 minutes to look over the menu, and we ordered.  While waiting, they brought out this adorable mini baguette sliced up with tempered butter.  That french bread was addictive! Perfect french bread is crusty and has that crunch outside, with a soft inside. This bread was just that.  You can opt for olive oil and/or vinegar instead of butter, too. It's nice to have options for bread service.  We ordered five more of those baskets throughout the meal, too.  The grilled artichokes were perfectly cooked, not mushy like some restaurants tend to serve it, and thankfully had a good portion of the stem attached to eat.  Anyone can cook an artichoke, but the question is the aioli that it's paired with.  This garlic aioli was outstanding!  It really made the dish and the entire container was empty by the time my husband devoured two large artichokes with it.  \nDinner arrived shortly after our appetizers were done: a bone-in ribeye steak and lasagna.   My ribeye steak was an inch or more thick, enough for two if you eat a hefty appetizer beforehand.  It came with scalloped potatoes and some herb butter.  The steak was nicely grilled and had that lovely char scent to it.  I love the crust that the fat makes on the outside of this steak.  It was so flavorful and juicy, cooked as perfectly as you can get for medium, and didn't need that herb butter it came with.  Yet, I had to try it.  Why serve herb butter if it didn't pair well?  I dabbed a bit on, the butter having more of a foamy, creamy consistency, and ate it with the steak.  It really enhanced the flavor of the meat, as strange as that sounds.  Usually herb butter overpowers the meat, but this one is like it's dance partner.  Consisting of sweet cream butter, lemon, parsley, black pepper, and possibly a sprinkle of salt, this was the best herb butter I've tasted and actually enjoyed.  The scalloped potatoes were lovely, too.  That parmesan crust on top of this cup of potatoes was yummy and the potatoes inside were perfectly cooked and not mushy at all.  Great side dish.  As for the lasagna, the sauce had just the right sweetness to it, yet finishes on the back of your tongue with a slight tomato tanginess we all love.  The lasagna itself was delicious--a cheese and pasta perfection on a plate.  My husband didn't give me a second chance to take another bite and used the bread to literally clean his plate.  \nDessert was ordered in advanced because we wanted their chocolate souffle. I'm a sucker for souffle.  After finishing dinner, our server put the order in maybe a minute or two before we finished eating.  The wait for souffle is usually 20 minutes, so don't order it unless you are willing to wait.  When it arrived, they punched a hole in the center and poured the vanilla sauce in the middle. It was good, but not the best I've ever had.  Still, airy and perfectly cooked.  I wanted more chocolate flavor, though, because it felt a bit on the bland side.\nOverall, great meal, excellent service & ambience, and we plan to eat lunch here today.  It's always nice to escape to the lakes as you are and eat four star food with five star service in jeans and a shirt. I enjoyed it, and I believe you will, too.
they have a wide variety of gelatos to choose from! I had their pistachio! :) note: get a small cup and it's big enough to share with another person. but if you are up for the challenge, by all means get one and eat one by yourself! :)\n\none small cup of gelato came out to $5.13.
We love El Encanto, its one of our go-to's, and for good reasons. The food is great, and our favorites are their Camarones con Salsa de Autentica, and Tacos de Pescado Asado. Their menu is very authentic, with more of a spanish flair vs. most of the a-typical greasy spoon mexican food we've had in Arizona). Great for kids as well, with their duck pond in the middle 'atrium' of the entire restaurant. Kids (and Adults) can buy food to feed the animals at the front desk for 50 cents, and theres a lot of animals to feed with ducks, fish, turtles , geese and more. They're also great for larger parties, we've had upwards of 14 without an issue. Highly recommended for some of the best mexican food in the Phoenix area!
A really fun place to shop! Knowledgeable, passionate staff, great selection, competitive prices.
I don't shop at Whole Foods that often since it isn't that close to me. There's a Shop n Save a block from my house, so I buy most of my food there.\n\nOne thing about Whole Foods is they specialize in fresh fruits and vegetables.  Their produce is definitely impressive. All of the oranges, lettuce, berries and bananas peppers are perfectly ripe.  They never have spoiled or bad fruit.\n\nThe pastry section is definitely worth checking out.  They have fruit tarts and a lot of different flavored cheesecakes and cannolis.\n\nWhole Foods seems more expensive than Aldi but less expensive than Giant Eagle.
This just may be the best place in Vegas! I've eaten here more times than I can count and with their daily soup changes and organic 'green' drink I feel clean and healthy every time I eat at Baggette Cafe. This french cafe is a MUST TRY for everyone in town and I bet you'll be a return customer after your first try. \n\nOpen M-F 8-5 it's the perfect lunch spot or stop by for an early morning crassants, quiche, and coffee.
New Orleans in Charlotte? Good Cajun dishes. Lots of fried stuff. The flavor can get lost in the fryer. The all you can eat catfish is the deal. It can be made grill or fried. Fun place.
Seriously some of the best burgers I have tasted.  Lots of variety and options to suit everyones fancy.  I love the laid back decor.  If you haven't tried it you need to, and if you haven't been in a while you need to go back soon.  I am getting hungry just thinking about it.
Okay, it's now 8/31/13 and we've now used this company for 6 months and we still love them.  They make it super easy to use them.  Daniel has been our tech the whole time, though, he did bring a couple other guys a couple different times in the past for training.\n\nDaniel gives exceptional customer service and I really wish that most people adopted his practical, caring attitude and excellent service that he consistently gives.  It isn't easy to do pest control for our place but he never says anything negative and provides very helpful suggestions, though, some would take a lot of work to do, but all for our own good and things that would truly help us lower our pest issue, which will never be fully contained until there is major work done to the back yard area (not his issue).\n\nNo matter how hot it is or how bad the weather, he has consistently come at the times they say.  We always get a call a few days before service, which ours is always the 3rd Tuesday of the month.  The time varies, but Daniel will work with us and there is a 2 hour window in which he comes, far better than cable service or package delivery places which often give you a 4-10 hr window (ridiculous).\n\nWe've been making improvements to the areas we can to reduce our pest problem.  We have seen a decrease in scorpions and other yuckies.  And, that's probably the best they can do.  \n\nDaniel helps us empower ourselves so that his service can be as effective as possible.  He always has nice things to say, but not meaningless nice things that are not helpful.  So, that's good.  He's very sincere.\n\nPayment is easy.  I got my account setup online and can pay with my debit card.  Quick and easy.  If I have questions or issues, they are prompt in returning them either by email or phone call.  \n\nWhen we eventually move from here, we will continue to use them as well as pay for service for this home so that everyone can be all safer.\n\nThere is no smell from the stuff they are using and Daniel does vary what he uses depending on what is needed.  For most homes, he only sprays the outside, but he does both the inside and outside for us, because that's what we need.  We know it's effective because we do see the dead scorpions.\n\nWhen he first came, we had a huge black widow and roach (I know, gross) issue, but no black widows seen for quite some time and rarely a roach, so it's just scorpions now, which without major revamp of the backyard, this will not go away.
***The best the best the best!!!!! \n\nI have been eating at Sahara's since I was 15 years old, which at that time it was located on Mill Avenue. \n\nSahara's is THE BEST you can get for Middle Eastern Cuisine. The lentil soup is TO DIE FOR and if you add this special green sauce, it's amazing! I usually stick with the chicken shawarma plate, which is amazing! They also have the best hummus in AZ! You must also try the Turkish coffee, which is out of this world with cream and sugar. It'll keep you up for hours!!\n\nLastly, the family that makes it all possible for us is warm and inviting. They are hard working and have been apart of the community in Tempe for years and years. Ali is my favorite, always a smiling face. :)
Poncho's is an Arizona institution, and has the best Mexican food in town!  Whenever we are craving authentic Mexican food, Ponchos is our first choice!  In fact, we recently took some visiting relatives from back east and they loved it and can't stop racing about the food!  I would highly recommend Ponchos to anyone looking for a great Mexican food experience.
Poppy Den has great style and great food to match.  From excellent service to delicious food, Poppy Den is a winner in my book.\n\nThe seating areas are roomy and very comfortable.  I love the outdoor seating and music on cooler days, but we sat indoors at a booth.  Our server provided kimchee pickled cucumbers with bean sprouts, which was yummy and a great way to start brunch.  They have small plates, big plates, and sides.  The small plates are far from being small.  Their big plates are a good size for a meal, and the options are not so much that it takes an hour to decide.\n\nFor starters, we ordered pork dumplings, crab on toast with mango, and a poppy basket served with honey, compote, and poppy butter.  They are all delicious and light, even the pork dumplings.  Everything was cooked perfectly and delivered to the table well presented.\n\nFor our main meals we ordered the poppy burger done as the chef prefers, along with sunny side eggs  served with house made chicken sausage and potatoes, followed by mochi pancakes with a fruit compote and creme fraiche.  Every single dish was delicious, well portioned, and so good that I would come back for all of them again.\n\nWhat I love the most are weird desserts, and their chips with miso toffee ice cream is fabulous.  I didn't get the same strong miso taste as another yelper complained about.  I found the ice cream with salty chips to be a great combination.  Their green tea brulee is yummy and comes with a great chili wafer.  If you look at it, you'd swear you were eating guacamole and chips, and I love playing with food like that.\n\nOverall, excellent service and food.  I set my reservation on Opentable for next week, this time for dinner.  Hope to see you there soon.
Just got back from a show at the LA Comedy Club at Four Queens. A $5 tip on a Sunday night was enough to get a table from the ma\u00eetre d', which was a nice surprise. \n\nA very comfortable place - small but not weird. The $5.50 Guinness seemed perhaps a bit high, but what the hell - the tickets were comped. They advertised a $15 all-you-can-drink, but I doubt whether that covered bottled beer - I might be wrong.  \n\nGood crowd tonight. Happy tourists, and not a rowdy drunk in sight. I suspect the enjoyment is ultimately dependent on the comedians, but I'm a local, and I'll definitely go back.
The baristas here are great.  I have to say, some mornings, I come in pretty grouchy because I haven't had my caffeine fix yet.  They always cheer me up.  This location has a drive through, but the line gets pretty long.  It's very convenient to the freeway so it's pretty busy most mornings.
This place was a true gem that I found on my brief stint in Pittsburgh.  A bunch of friends and I were sitting at the double tree bar with it closing down and asking ourselves, where can we go now?  I friend picks up a piece of paper with local bars in the area and he says \""The Hop House, that sounds fun\""...I respond \""I'M DOWN!\""\n\nIt's hard to find bars that carry a good selection of microbrews and I'm glad the Hop House did. Delirium Tremons and Delirium Noctorum are great beers, but be careful these 10% ABV beers will get to you.  Compare to bars in SF and LA, the prices at this bar are dirt cheap.  I got smashed at the Hop House...the bartender could use a little pick me up in terms of attitude but at least she didn't kill my buzz.
Geisha special is what I go for, for around 45 bucks you get salad, soup, rice, stir fry, chicken, shrimp, lobster, steak.  Usually the chefs are funny which is a plus
This place is always packed so they always have good number of employees running around the floor to ensure good service. They have two tim Hortons, NY fries, and I believe Pizza Pizza as well? Anywho I like the food quality here, better then most theatres anyway. Rest assured even if the theatres dead your popcorn will still smell of freshly made with buttery flavour. Plus they have great arcade and gaming zone set up, so its great for a movie date out or even group of friends/family. Then again maybe Im just lucky... MU AH AH AH AH \n\nHappy movie watching folks!
Fiesta Burrito has the best Mexican food in South Scottsdale! I usually use the drive thru. It's quick even when the line is long. Their burritos are amazing along with their SUPER NACHOS!! I highly recommend going to fiesta when your hungry for quick Mexican food.
Fair well old friend. You will be greatly missed. After being in downtown Pittsburgh for 60 years, Saks Fifth Avenue is now closed. :(
Hands down, one of my favorite Goodwill stores around. It doesn't smell funky, no small children running amuck and no weirdos hanging out. As Melek L. mentioned, most of the items are perfectly good items. I bought a used 'Nana Repub black shirt for work/play, pill free, rich no fade color still in tact. $3.99. I also found a dark grey pair of amazing butt-a-riffic yoga pants, also $3.99. Cutie-pie plum vest that channels my inner-Punky Brewster...$3.99. Bargains galore! And please stop by their impressive, immaculately clean and nicely tiled bathroom. It boasts to be the \""Best Bathroom on State Street\"".
Awesome spot. Toe cracking good time. Off the strip which is good. 60 min $90. Well worth it. I'd suggest pay the extra $40 for the 90 minute. DO IT DO IT
Coming to Clarinda's is a very welcoming, homely experience, and very much like sitting in the \""good room\"" reserved for special occasions in your great-aunt's house, or somewhere similar, with old fashioned yet comforting decor and with a nice safe familiarity about it all. \n\nWhat's nice about Clarinda's is the non-pretension of it all, and that reassuring, some things never change feeling you get when you come here for a nice wee cup of tea, or a home made scone, or something equally as life calming.\n\nI do feel a bit like I should keep my elbows off the table when I'm here and mind my Ps and Qs, but then again, I should probably do that wherever I am. The food here is so reasonably priced, and you get a lot of it too, none of these measly, recession friendly, food portions. There was nothing pretentious about my tasty sandwiches, which came with crisps and salad on the side, and I also managed to wolf down what I think was, or remember as, a yummy slice of banana loaf.
My 21 and 16 year old boys loved it. That says something about how good a show it was. Did the VIP tickets and all if us would splurge again to see em again.
It tastes pretty decent for your average Chinese takeout.  I was going to give it 3 stars because the delivery took an hour when my estimated delivery time was for 35 minutes. However, the serving sizes are very large for the very affordable prices! Not to mention the large soup size for only $1.50! For a family of 6 we ordered 4 soups and 4 entrees with plenty of food leftover, thus earning it another star.
I've finally found the light at the end of the alcoholic tunnel.  The chandelier is my new favorite place for seeing, being seen, drinking and enjoying the marvels of the newly built Cosmopolitan.  I read all the reviews and decided to see what this place is all about. \n\nI ended up going alone, dressed to the 9s.  The hotel is chic and marvelous.  I found my way to the Chandelier and headed to the second floor.  It was swank, full of glitz and glamour.  I found a seat at the bar and ordered a London Summer.... very delicious, but sort of forgettable.  I then tried the Sandia Ginger.... my absolute fav (I ended up having three), it is watermelony with a coconut ginger foam.  Absolutely delicious.  My bartender recommended I go upstairs and try the Misty Rose, uh.... they were out of ALL their specialty drinks, LAME.  Went back to the second floor and had some drink with curry and spice, but sweet.  It was amazing like a bag of kettle corn sweet and savory.\n\nThe drinks range from $10-$14, amazing price.  See you soon my love.
Hello, buffet (delicious) sushi! I frequent this place about once every 2 weeks or so. You can sit at a table (if available) or at the bar where you can watch the sushi being made in front of you. They have hot items, salads and desserts on one bar and all kinds of sushi rolls on another. They are constantly re-stocking the bars with fresh rolls and there is always a great variety. Best of all-because it's a buffet-it's super fast! I know I can get in and get out and get a good meal in the process.\n\n**As of November 1st they no longer allow buffet takeout... in case you were looking forward to doing so...**
I couldn't be happier with the service I get from Judy and her crew. I first had them out because we had guests coming to visit and I wanted the house to be perfect. It was better than perfect! They even dusted the light bulbs in the bathroom!!! I've since scheduled monthly visits and my house looks AMAZING when they're done. This is money well spent and to be honest, I don't know why I didn't hire them sooner. :)
I usually get the matcha green tea slush and the wife gets taro coconut slush...both are great.  I like this place this best out of the other boba's places.  We got the potatoe fries and calimari...and both were ehh...So we just stuck with boba slush only.  Good atmosphere and has a lot of the younger crowd.  Parking is also ehh...next to asian market.
Relaxing, Not Loud, Very Friendly Service.\n\nCarne Asada Fajita was solid, not the best ever, but really good.  Chips, Salsa, Guac for starters was great.  They are not cheap with the Guac you get a great portion with your entree and your chips.  Best part you can do your own free refills!\n\nGet the sopapilla's for dessert.  You get 3 big ones.  Saved one for the next morning's coffee.
Very unique and authentic breakfast. This is not a \""IHOP\"" type. Everything is made and presented delicately. Will definitely go back to check out the salads.
Due Pizzeria, where to start. We were staying at the Bluegreen resort for the first time and saw their flyer in our room. After missing lunch with our friends, we were starving and called down to order. We did walk past the door twice, but then darted in and watched the owner bake our pizzas. He was really nice and chit-chatted with us while we were standing there. I loved the layout of the place. There is nowhere to sit, but he has glass up almost like a sub sandwich place for protection of the food, and so you can see the whole place. It was really neat standing there and watching our pizza cook and brown and watch the owner work the oven. You could tell this is what he does and has a passion for. Here's what we ordered and what we thought:\n\nCheese Pizza: Simple cheese pizza, done amazingly right. The owner pulled it out of the wood fire oven and it already looked amazing, but then he did a spiral of some kind of sauce. We brought it up to our room and started to devour it. My word, I have never had such a tasteful pizza. It was thin, which I normally don't like, but I loved this one! The flavor of the dough was great, and the wood fire taste imbedded in it was perfect. The cheese, the sauce, I didn't NOT like anything about this pizza.\n\nPepperoni Pizza: Basically everything I said about the cheese, transfers to the Pepperoni as well. The flavors were amazing and the owner uses little pepperoni's instead of the large ones. I loved them so much! The meat had such great flavor and wasn't spicy like some can be either. I couldn't make up my mind if I wanted the cheese or the pep more. YUM!\n\nWhile talking with the owner waiting for our pizzas he told us that he special orders his dough from New Jersey because the water here is too hard and doesn't make the dough the same. That information itself shows how much he cares about his product and that he knows his stuff. Every time we go to Vegas we will be stopping by here again. Loved it!
Excellent, but pricey hand poured artisanal coffee.  If you enjoy a really good cup of coffee, you should certainly check this place out.  I usually take a bit of cream and sugar, but this was the first cup of coffee I truly enjoyed black.
I've been going to the Pasta Shop since 2007 when it was located on Tropicana. The food is always outstanding. The pasta of course is amazing. If you have never had fresh made pasta you must try. The texture especially is so different. I've gone frequently with groups and never had anyone disappointed. At the new location I do recommend reservations but we have always had good luck without as well. Always ask about the specials.. the salmon in lobster cream, cold artichoke and calamari are a few of my favorites. The marsala is one of my favorite \""regular\"" menu items. The staff is friendly and I love supporting a locally owned restaurant. Every time I've been one of the owners is there. Although it can be a little pricey, for the quality it is well worth it!
Very good pizza. The garlic crust is fabulous. We also had a meatball appetizer, which had amazing sauce!
The wife and I both grew up watching David Copperfield and finally got a chance to see him perform live back in January front row, right of stage seating.  \n\nNeither my wife or I believe in magic and understand its illusion ect, but we were both amazed with the show from beginning to end.   My wife and I looked at each other many times wondering how he did that.\n\nHe is a true entertainer regardless of real /fake and throws a little humor and story telling at the audience on occasion. \n\nThere is crowd participation (not sure if its set up).  If its not setup and they were picked at random, the wow factor is even greater.\n\nWe didn't spend a lot of time trying to figure out how he did what he did,  we just enjoyed the show for what it was and left very happy having a chance to see him live.\n\nDavid Copperfield is a true Legend at what he does.
Our office dines out regularly for lunch and this place is on our weekly rotation.  The staff is stable and already knows our orders by memory and we love that.  They are very friendly and I have never found them hard to understand.  The manager always makes his rounds to see how the food was today and is very pleasant.  I did notice that when Tanger Outlets opened they had to hire additional staff almost overnight who were not as familiar with the menu as the other waitresses.  The food is always reliable and the sauces are to die for.  The flaming cheese is really cool and so is the hummus appetizer.  The pizza salad is awesome, two of us share it because it is so large.  We do like to change it up and their menu has plenty of choices for when we are feeling adventurous.
Decided to come here since I been off sweet for 40 days and what better place to get my suger on then chocolate paradise. This place is the best chocolate place I can think of. No matter what my age is I'll still be running around here like a little kid. \n\nMy cousin and I decided to start off with the Italian hot chocolate. AMAZING! I LOVE HOT CHOCOLATE and this place made it even better! So GOOD! \n\nWe also ordered the chocolate chocolate chocolate pancakes. One bite was yummy but after that you're on a sugar high. So, over time it was just alright. My cousin got their skillet which was okay. Overall, the food was just a-ok. \n\nHowever, if you're ever here you must try their desserts. Also, a big plus is their chocolate chip and walnut cookie. Bake to perfection. A very big cookie with the chocolate chip melted in the middle. It was soo good that my sister special requested to be brought back home for her. :)
Unfortunately, I am going to have to take Great Links down a peg after trying its vaunted hamburger that is supposed to be a First Prize award winner.  This time I fell for the hype, and decided to give the Mushroom Swiss Burger a try.  Diane and I both very specifically asked for medium rare burgers, and, although the words \""medium rare\"" appeared twice on our receipt, we both received well done burgers.  Not a wisp of pink meat in sight!  I understand that because of eColi concerns, many establishments now flatly refuse to prepare medium rare or rare hamburgers.  And, that is fine with me, so long as a server alerts me of that policy as soon as I request a less than well-cooked burger.  Then, if so inclined, I can order something else.  But it is galling to have the staff play along with a \""medium rare\"" request, and pretend that a wish for a pink burger has been fulfilled when it plainly has not been.  The fry cook is certainly not going to fool a patron who is already asking for medium rare doneness by instead delivering a meat patty that is dark brown through and through.   \n\nAt least my burger was juicy, and although mushrooms were sparse, the Swiss Cheese was well melted and the bun nicely warmed.  So, the Mushroom Swiss Burger was good overall--but definitely not great.\n\nHad I just ordered a burger this day, my rating would only have been 3 stars.  But I also ordered a Chicago Dog with \""snap,\"" and Natural Fries.  Because each was as good as I remembered in the past, a reduction of but 1 star is appropriate.\n\nI will still frequent this place, but in the future will stick to hot dogs, Philly Cheesesteaks, Italian Beef Sandwiches, and fries.
About a month ago my family discussed going to Zion National Park for a day.  The problem was there was to be six of us and all of our cars only seat five.  So the solution was to rent a van that could hold us all and split the cost.  So last Wednesday I found myself at Enterprise and ready to head to Zion in a minivan.  Ugh, a minivan.  That is just what a 30 year old single man with no kids wants to be seen in.  It actually tunred out to be a nice vehicle.  A new Dodge Grand Caravan.  But nevermind that now.  Enterprise ensured that I would have it though I had to wait a spell.  They had two vans to use.  One of which was scheduled for routine maintenance.  They took the wrong one and had to bring it back to for my use of it.  They were apologetic and tried to make the most of the slight delay of about 20 minutes.  It was not long before my dad and I found outselves talking to the customer service lady about the park.  She was giving us pointers on where to go and what to see when we got there at she herself had just been there a couple of weeks prior.  Soon enough we were on the road and prepared to see the natural wonder for ourselves.  The next morning I dropped off the van and business was completed.  It was not a bad experience and probably one of the most friendly I have had when dealing with a rental car place.
Great spot for breakfast, especially if you like BACON!\n\nService was friendly and fast.  Waitress really knew menu and listened to us about what we were looking for.\n\nWould definitely go back!\n\nTry the \""flight of bacon\"". Sinful and wonderful!
Been here many times, and could not be more pleased.  Friendly, knowledgeable staff is a pleasure to deal with. As part of my job, I have shopped many gold buying stores and found this place to offer better prices than anywhere else. Honest, straightforward apprasials on jewelry. You will not be disappointed if you are looking to sell jewelry.
Food was good, friendly & quick service. Prices are very reasonable & the freshly squeezed orange juice was great. Will definitely go back soon.
i usually write about happy hours. and this place has an all day happy hour. so ill recommend it. im not a big sushi/seafood fan. but i do like $5 sake bombers w/cold sake. the korean pork tacos were awesome as well for 6 bucks. check it out. thats all.
I can't pick a single thing to complain about here. The staff is impeccable - friendly, attentive, and helpful. The food is to die for. I visited for lunch and had the \""Greens and Beans\"" with house-made sausage. Delightfully flavorful and perfectly seasoned. My date gave me a sample of hers - Fettuccini with Pork Rago\u00fbt - also spectacularly tasty. The pork was done to perfection, and the sauce complemented it with its creamy goodness. At the end of our meal, we definitely didn't want the experience to end, so we convinced ourselves to share dessert - the Chocolate chip Blondie. Ooey-gooey rich and served \u00e0 la mode. Perfect!
This restaurant has some really great dishes. Service and environment were exceptional. Highly recommend the beef Teriyaki. \nIt's really well located near a trendy Montreal area and once you finish eating, you can go hang out at some of the bars, movie theater, or other awesome places around there.
Came here again with my wife on Sunday June 14.. We have eaten there before and I was just so-so on the food.. Well today I am a little more than pleased.. I had the Demi-Bfast again.. This time with the Turkey-Maple sausage.. The sausage is very good and flavorful..  My wife had the American bfast, the potatoes were very tasty today.. \n\nI ended up getting a Chocolate Truffle Cookie... WHOA. very chocoy and soft.. My wife had the Chocolate Chip cook loaded with chippies.. The owner Kierstan (sorry if I spelled it wrong, I gave you my business card-Jason L. Photography) was very nice, stopped by the table a couple times to ask how we were doing, if the food was good and just be nice!!\n\nNow I overheard her (Kierstan)  asking another table if they had visited the bathrooms ( I was like hmmm that's and odd question).. Well EVERYONE must visit the bathrooms here.. I ended up in the Vespa bathroom.. There is a bathroom with recipes written on the walls, one that is mostly black & red, with pics of tattoos people... Just check them out!!\n\nShe was talking about the pizzas and suggested the \""white\"" pizza next time. We will try this place for dinner I want to try a burger since she said her husband did the burgers over at DLUX in Phoenix..\n\n. Anyone who reads this, WHY stand and wait for up to 1 hour at The Farmhouse next door? Their food is over priced and mainly average fare at best.. They would rather focus on volume than focus on quality.. Maybe they are 1 step above IHOP!!! Go next door to Liberty Market.. MUCH BETTER and less expensive!!
Sometimes you just want to go to a BAR!  This is not the place to be seen or anything - more of a place to kick back with some reebs!\n\nPool table, shuffle board, golden tee, and it has a seperate restaurant if you want to sit in a booth.  \n\nIt is normal bar food, good hamburgers & they have the seasoned fries too (nice and crispy).  Service is usually pretty good.\n\nHappy hour....drum roll please...........$1.50 draft beers & $5.00 pitchers!!!  What?  Watched an entire laker v celtics game and it was $20 between 3 peeps!!!
Man, these folks are super!! Cant say enough good about htis place
I love my prism TV, I think in the past 3 years its only frozen 2 times (I did live in Henderson before), we are now in the south west.  The picture is clear and beautiful!  The install guys are great and you don't have a big old dish hanging off your house.  It's not cheap, pay about  $120 a month for everything (hbo, showtime and internet) but I feel its more than worth it.  I have had problems with the customer service reps being on the same page (they get one less star for this) but a transfer to a supervisor will get the problem fixed.  I would highly recommend!
My wife and I are in town this week for spring training. We had dinner at AZ 88 Thursday, March 7. We selected AZ 88 based on Yelp reviews and our personal preferences.No reservations. We were seated immediately on the outside patio. The service was friendly and efficient. The place was very busy and  people watching was most interesting to this senior couple. The house speciality martini was \""ok\""-nothing to write home about. We both had the basic hamburger which was cooked to our order specification and was tasty and plentiful. The accompanying waffle fries were exceptionally good. Price versus quality was very good.
As soon as you walk into this place you can already tell that this place will be delicious. I was greeted the moment I opened the door, and I knew that I would enjoy my experience here. I had the Cali Omelette and it was like the angels singing hallelujah as I savor each bite. This place is definitely a must go to if you're in Vegas! Come early though its first come first serve for diners!
As Im writing this I am still full a few 4hours later. This place was packed but don't let that fool you. Our wait to be seated was only 10mins long. and our service was good and food came out in less than 15mins. I had a Parisian omelette and it was absolutely delicious.\n Just now they don't split checks and only split btwm 2 cards :)
I first ate at Roys a few years back in Honolulu... So I was pretty excited to have one here in PHX, when my job brought me to the valley. Good seafood in the valley.. Yay! \nSuperb service... ask away, the waiters never seem to lose patience or get snippy.. they know the product and the wines.. \nThere isnt a thing on the menu that I dont like.. I havent tried everything.. but whenever friends from out of town come in.. This is one of my first suggestions.. My fav is the butterfish.. and the pineapple dessert.. all the other things are wonderful ... In other words... your not gonna go wrong here. Hey its Roy Yamaguchi..  for Gods sake.. and he can fuse and cook like no other..
If you want cheap, organic groceries and loads of novelty food items, Trader Joe's this is the place to go. They show up Harris Teeter, Earth Fare and Healthy Home Market for prices (and quality!) on many items.\n\nMy main draw to this place is their hummus, marinated tofu and cheap coconut water. I also splurge on chocolate espresso beans from time to time. Before coming to QC, I had the impression Trader Joe's was much more vegan friendly but that isn't the case.\n\nRegardless, this place makes me spend a few dollars less on my crazy-expensive-organic/vegan weekly groceries. Mahalo Trader Joe's!
This used to be my favourite bar in town, why?\n\nIt is suitable for absolutely anyone, apart from Jakeballs. So lets review possible scenario\n\nYou are on a date/out with the Partner - cheeky pint of something local for him, lovely glass of red for her, sit in a booth or on one of the high tables and stare lovingly into each other's eyes while the non-obtrusive staff bring refills to your table, and you can order some nibbles to share.\n\nOut with the parents or family - you want one of the booths, you could fit 6 around one of these. Mum can try one of their fine Gins, while you and dad work your way through the beer range. Old Dear starts talking nonsense? You can start talking about the beautiful design of the bar, the history of the tile art work, or just pick up a paper and ignore her babbling!\n\nAfter work beers/ out with the boys/girls? This island bar is yours to conquer, elbow your way in and line the drinks up! Worth noting that there are numerous good boozers within a stone's throw - two more in the same building (Guildford and Voodoo)\n\nThis place is a great spot for escaping town, its really warm, but open, and the staff are very good. Their food is very good, renowned for seafood from the adjoining restaurant - though I prefer the burgers. They stock a lot of local produce from seafood, to whisky and beer.
SO. Stayed at the Palazzo to celebrate me and about 5 other gals birthdays! I was pretty excited. \n\nPlace was nice. Parking was idk, I didn't like it. Felt like the mall. And it was HOT as hell in there! Like, more hot than outside. \n\nOur room was really nice. Got a suite, 2 queen sized beds, and a conjoining room with our friends. :] \n\nTotal 8 in our combined rooms. They have a remote control to open up the blinds. It was pretty amazing haha. \n\nBUT..OUR ROOM WAS HAUNTED. \nSWEAR.\nFirst, friend was showering and she asked if I came in (the doors don't lock..nor the bathroom) and I said no, why? And she said she saw a person with a lot of hair walk by. D: WTFF. \n\nThen, all the girls were in one room and all of a sudden, we hear something fall in the bathroom. We run in, and my make up palette is scattered all over the floor. I put it on the table where it wasn't hanging off..so there was no way it could just fall. It was really weird.\n\nI cleaned it up and closed the palette..when we came back, my palette was open again. :/ so weird. So we were scared for like the majority of the time haha. \n\nI honestly don't like the smell of the place though. It doesn't smell like a fresh hotel smell. Kind of like baby powder mixed with some flowery smell. \n\nIt does take a while for service. Asked for some extra towels, took them about a good 20 minutes or so to bring em up. \n\nGenerally a good experience.
There's actually rooms above the bar!  Plus side - very central as noted by others, big clean rooms with two beds (a large kingsize and a smaller twin), big clean bathroom.  Minus side - no elevators and they are pricey.  You have to schlep your stuff up some steep stairs to your room.  We ate at the bar and recommend not doing that.  Drinks are great and reasonable but they need to stop serving tartar sauce out of plastic packets with fish and chips.
Archi's is definitely my favorite place to go to for some good Thai food.\n\nMy friend took me to this place for the first time. Back then, I had chicken pad thai and she had thai beef salad (might not be the right name). chicken pad thai was really good. One thing I noticed about pad thai when I went back a couple of times, is that sometimes noodles are overcooked. I know this happens at any given restaurant, but it happened several times I went back. I have been getting chicken pad kea mow instead, and this is also a must-try.\n\nMy favorite dish here is spicy basil pork (you get a choice of chicken, beef, pork, shrimp, or combo). It's diced pork stir-fried with spicy thai basil. Also a must-try\n\nYou get to choose the level of spiciness for your dishes, which is nice. I usually get 5 or 6, I have tried 8 before.... well, that was a bad idea\n\nGreat place to stop by for lunch (they have some great lunch specials) and dinner!
This place has delicious food.  The lentil soup is the best I have had.  And combo #7 with chicken...lamb..bazmati rice was superb.
My experience here was solid and I would definitely return. The service was prompt and drinks were consistently refilled. We did the AYCE Korean BBQ and for $17 you really can't beat the deal. The meat was tasty and the portions generous. We had marinated chicken thighs, pork belly, brisket and short rib. Everything was flavorful and fresh. I am not Korean so I am not about to get all snobby about the sides, but in my opinion, they were all fine -- including the kimchi. I will be returning here when in the mood for a filling  dose of delicious meats for cheap.
Burgers cooked perfectly (Medium rare, as I requested), egg salad with pancetta was out of this world, and the service was great! We will be telling everyone to come here! I bet if they wanted to, they would make amazing fries, but their burgers did it for me! :) thanks for a great lunch!
Great food, good fast service.  Had the curry panang with chicken.  \n\nReally nice.  I'll be back.
I said I'd never, ever in a million years go back to Arizona, until Virtu. And, still, I'd only go back to dine and dash from the state as quickly as possible. Anyway, Virtu is incredible. We happened to stumble upon it during restaurant week. We ordered 2 of everything on the menu, and there wasn't one dish I wouldn't order again. It has a farm to table vibe; small, lite, quaint, and classy. We each ordered a crafted cocktail - I had the Ice Queen, which was great. Fruity. There was a Moscow Mule-esque drink that was fantastic. I think that my favorite dishes were the honey beets, there was a fish entree that was incredible, and the brandzino (unnnnnnnnnreal). I almost ready to book a flight back right now...
So dive. Off the beaten path. Comfortable
One of my favorites. Sweet pork burrito is always a winner. Would have given five stars if only the dude that makes the burrito could manage a smile now and then - he always looks bored and like he's doing you a favor. Otherwise, it's all good.
I just love this place so much!  The menu is delicious and has some of the best sushi in Charlotte.  I'm a big fan of getting some prosecco and the chocolate fondu and catching up with friends.  The staff is lovely...nice, funny, and attractive.  I love the fact that you can peruse the racks for a nice bottle of wine for less than you'll find anywhere else...or if you're feeling lazy, the staff can always make a well-informed suggestion.  The music is never too loud, there is always an interesting crowd, and it's a great location.  Perfect for friends, dates, business, whatever. Love press!
Second time eating here, first review. Would probably give 3.5 but I will round up because I'm in a good mood. We had to wait about 10 minutes to get seated, but our waitress came quickly after that. \n\nOur appetizers (2 orders of dim sum) took about 15 minutes to come out, which seemed like a little long but I didn't mind. However our food did take another 30-35 minutes after that, and I grew a little impatient. The manager even came over to apologize for the delay (there were a couple large tables and our order probably got stuck behind one of those) and offer a free dessert or after-dinner coffee item for each of us. I'll take it! \n\nOur drunken noodles with tofu was amazing,  not spicy at all (we said we wanted a 2/5) and the free vegan brownie with chocolate sorbet was also good, however I probably wouldn't order the dessert again if it wasn't free. \n\nDespite the long wait for our food this time, we will definitely be back.
Wow. This place is pretty expensive, but it is worth every penny. \nThe service was spot on. Everything you would expect where you'll spend about $100+ per person on dinner. \nPortions are small (well actually portions are normal size, they just seem small compared to most other places that try to impress you with mediocre food by giving you a lot).  \nFor starters we had scallops - very good, cooked perfectly.  Seared perfectly for a nice crunch, and tender on the inside. And we had the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms. Wow, the polenta was full of flavor, and the truffled mushrooms were amazing. One of the best things I have ever ate. \nWe also had a pasta course (cannot remember what it was called), but it was almost like a ravioli and was stuffed with a meat puree of chicken and veal. The texture was super creamy, like a pate. This pasta was amazing.\nWe also had the duck and foie gras ravioli. Even more amazing than the previous pasta. Tender pasta, the sauce was perfect, and the duck and foie gras was in a perfect balance. \nFor our main course we had 2 orders of veal loins wrapped in pancetta and served with sweetbreads and roasted vegetables. Let's just say there was nothing left on my plate. \nNext we had dessert.  Tiney doughnuts (zepolle) filled with nutella and served with cream anglaise. I was so full, but managed to eat every one. We also had the cheesecake. Which was very very good. \nThis place will not disappoint. But you will spend some money. Our bill was 300 after tip, an we did not have any alcohol. Add a bottle of wine and it would have been about a 400 meal.  But no regrets. I'd go back as often as I could afford to.
The best place for breakfast hands down. oh yeah there is that other great breakfast Joint egg and I. if you don't know there the same  restaurant different name. my girl friend and i love this place. I'm surprise they don't know my order by know. their bacon and onion skillet is the best.
Recently went here the other night after dinner at RM. Overall, its more lounge then night club which was exactly what I was looking for. There are multiple rooms that are great if you get bottle service and have a large party. Also, no one has a comparable view down the strip from their open air veranda. \n\nIf you have the chance, definitely stop by, get dressed up and check this place out.
Love this place. My co-worker showed me this place and I have been hooked since.
In keeping with the Italian theme today, I decided gelato would make nice sweet treat after my delightful experience at Best of Italy (see how I interweave these things together...but wait, there's more!).\nIn a rare \""daily double\"" I am able to interweave National Pizza Party Day (come on...pizza is mostly Italian) with National Strawberry Month...That's right...strawberry Gelato!!!!\nThere has been much less attitude and better  service by the staff on my recent visits to the G-Spot, and for that they get my thanks and my gelato dollars.\nIt's funny, ever since Gabi posted the thread about strawberries...I've had a bit of a craving.\nG-Spot...you scratched my itch very nicely today:)
Just went for the first time on Saturday night and it was overall a great experience, I like the vibe and the service was excellent. As far as the food goes, it was fantastic! I started with some Bruschetta and would have to say my favorite was the goat cheese. I ordered the sicily pizza and the bread was amazing on it, it also had some goat cheese as well. I would recomend trying this place at least once, I wasn't the biggest fan of goat cheese but now I am.
So fun to have a place like this in the Strip.  I just found out that they have chocolate oranges - I look for these in all the stores during Christmas and never thought to come here - well they have white, milk, and dark chocolate varieties available year-round.  I love the dark chocolate, but only because I didn't know the other two kinds existed!  They also have canisters of malted milk balls, unique chocolates from all over, seasonal items, and a cafe-ish area.  I didn't try the hot chocolate, but I hear it's a must-have.\n\nWhile we walked around the small store, three different salespeople asked if we were finding everything okay - possibly because I kept taking pictures to Instagram and I didn't realize until after I left that there's a sign asking patrons not to take pictures. Ooops!  But no one said anything and they were polite, so thumbs up for the service here.
I'm an official regular, someone help me I'm addicted to Midwood Smokehouse. \n\nI'm a HUGE Fan of the brisket . I love the option of  a lean plate, fatty, or both. (Both is great!)\n\nGive me some bacon wrapped jalapenos as a side and I'm good to go! Or try the greens that will make you wanna slap yo momma.\n\nLook for your drink and food specials when you walk in, written on the large glass mirror behind the bar. They have mug nights here where you can bring in a 40oz and get it filled for $4-6!\n\nGreat service as always, fast, friendly and knowledgeable. I look forward to coming back very very very soon!
Rio Buffet has a savory taste for any tongue. From Italian, Japanese, Chinese, American, Vietnamese, you name it, they got it. I almost freaked out when I saw their pho station! And my mouth dropped when I passed by their gelatto bar. The only downfall, like with any buffet, is the long line. But this boasts all the flavors of the world, and where else in Vegas can you sample that amount of different ethnic foods all at one buffet? So if you're willing to wait at least an hour in line, you won't be disappointed.
Good place overall...not too expensive either.\nThis is probably the best place at MGM to go for lunch.\n\nThe gumbo here is spectacular and so is the lobster bisque.\nFor dessert i strongly recommend the banana cream pie..one of the best i've ever had!\n\nIf you're in vegas and craving a taste of New Orleans this is the place to go!
If you can imagine it, they have it here in ice cream form.\n\nTry a few samples and get a mix of things and prepare for your mind to be blown! They have something here for everyone, including blended treats and old standbys, but the magic is in flavors like maple chocolate covered bacon, shoofly pie, and pecan pie.\n\nThe flavors change daily which gives you good reason to visit often. The owners are friendly, so if you don't see your favorite, just ask for it and they might be able to let you know when it will be back.
I've now stayed here probably well over a dozen times in the last 6-7yrs. Frequently the casino even more.\nPros: \n-Just off the Las Vegas strip, so avoiding the typically major strip traffic but still near all the action. Note that one of the busiest intersections, LV Blvd/Flamingo is just around the corner.\n-Rooms are larger than the average hotel room. Included mini-fridge. The rooms ain't 5 star but aren't trashy either. There have been some minor problems a few times, but nothing to ruin a trip.\n-At least in my experiences, except for one major incident*, the employees have been real friendly and interactive.\n-Parking is ample. There are 2 parking structures, one each on opposite ends of the property and valet is also an option.\n-Locals get 50% off the Carnival buffet Monday to Friday lunch and 25% at a couple other food spots. There's a few other locals discounts but that is the most popular one I believe. Pho shop & Deli next to Sportsbook is good for a quick bite.\n-Penn & Teller, if you're into magic shows.\nCons:\n-Late night dining options are pretty slim. BK Whopper bar on one end of the property and All-American B&G(which if you saw my reviews, I've had bad experiences). Usually friends and I will venture off property for late night grinds. There's room service too I suppose, if you're staying there.\n-Machines(video poker/slots) payouts & table game limits are in line with strip casinos. There is the Palms across the street and Gold Coast next door that offer better gaming options in both aspects.\n-For being the home of the World Series of Poker, the poker action is pretty sparse there. Even when there is a game, its mostly locals too.\nThe Rio seems to try to market themselves as a locals casino with things like food discounts, 2-4-1 tickets to certain shows, staycations. Priority parking for local Diamond/Seven Star members. It can't be easy with 2 casinos next to them who offer more to local players.\nI believe the Rio sure beats staying at some of the lower end casino/hotels on the strip. The room prices are in mid range. At the same time, it doesn't compare to places like the Venetian, Bellagio, Wynn etc. But overall not a bad option depending on your budget/needs.\n\n*Three years ago, when I had a Seven Stars Companion players card. Friend and I were playing craps. In the middle of my turn, the pit boss interrupts my roll to 'ask' if I had another players card since this one isn't valid. I tell him it's definitely valid and current but he claims to never have seen this card before. What sucks is, right after this brief exchange, I throw the dice and crap out. You could hear a collective groan from the table of players. If you're familiar with gaming etiquette and craps in particular, it's considered bad luck to interrupt someone's turn like that and like clockwork, I lose right away. I was calm but not happy. I think the rest of the players weren't too glad about what happened. I know my friend was pretty mad about the pit boss interrupting my turn. Of course we both stopped playing right then, but I had to wait while the pit boss sorted it out. I found out he had called the shift manager. She showed up and did some calling and running around, I guess finding out if my card was real or not. After keeping us waiting about 15-20min, she finally introduced herself and explained the situation. She said she had not even seen that particular players card either but did check into it and indeed I am exactly what my card says I am and apologized for the inconvenience. When we cashed out at the craps table, all the pit boss said to us was 'good luck.' He didn't seem sorry at all for his lack of tact and etiquette. I was ok though since the shift manager cleared it up and felt really bad about it all.
why hello there, hole in the wall; that's not really a hole in the wall, except for the food.....delicious! i love the tacos durados (fried tacos-chicken) and their rice is just like mama makes it. the photos below do not do the food justice. don't go during lunch unitl after 1pm or you'll have slow service, everything is cooked up fresh....the salsas are hot hot hot. love it!
Get a rewards card before you order and you can save $1 on each dish you order! I had seafood noodle soup and shrimp spring rolls. The dip was so yummy. I couldn't get enough of it. The noodle soup was delicious as well. Great dining experience.
After a disastrous situation at Midas where the unnecessary repairs just kept adding up, I was referred to this AAA Auto Repair by a friend. The manager named Clark was so kind and honest with me, I couldn't believe it. (I think he took pity on me because he knew I'd just been ripped off $900 at Midas.)\n\nI will definitely go back to this AAA Auto Repair.
Amazing place, where the kitchen takes real pride in their food... I love a place where you can  tell it is locally-owned and the regulars are respected.  The food is amazing and they will customize almost anything just ask!
Hell yeah!  Loved it here.  Even my mom loved it here with the go go dancers that rocked out in the windows.  Great music, great people watching.  My mom actually switched places with my cousin so he could watch the dancing girls.  He was quite happy.  Everything about this place was intriguing.
Excellent service, excellent food. Amazing and innovative.  How has Food network missed these guys?
The sushi and sashimi here is very fresh and of high quality. There is a large selection of specialty rolls on the menu, which are my favorite items to order, and each roll is unique and delicious. The presentation of the sushi also never disappoints. The menu is very reasonably priced for the amount of food you receive. I have been here countless times and I always leave very happy with my dining experience. I highly recommend this restaurant as it is one of my favorite sushi spots in the city.
My friend & I were unable to get our room because of overbooking so we stayed at our friends penthouse suite at the Cosmo. \nThis hotel is so sleek & sexy! \nThe room was huge! It has a panoramic view of Vegas overlooking the bellagio fountains. All of the decor was contemporary and upscale. \n\nAlso if you like to go out marquee is inside the hotel & is one of the hottest spots in Vegas. The outside section of the club is the most fun.
This place is as good as it gets when it comes to popcorn. From the moment we walked in the door I loved it. All the samples I got to taste were amazing. The fight between pickle flavor and hot wing or even to grab something sweet. We ended up leaving with a large bag of hot wing flavored popcorn and soon after the regret of not buying more. The customer service here is awesome, their shoving a new sample into your hand before you can even finish the first, right out of those neat little bowls hanging from the ceiling. Cant wait to return.
I stumbled onto this restaurant while driving last year while in town. I thought Cuban food in AZ? How good can that be? \nWell I was pleasantly surprised. First visit I stopped in for lunch and had PAN CON LECHON - Roasted pork sandwich.  It was excellent.\nI came back this year and had dinner there. Ordered the appetizer sampler with -CROQUETAS DE JAMON, PAPAS RELLENAS and meat empanadas. All were great.\nFor dinner I ordered the #36 LECHON ASADO\nSlow roasted pork, shredded and saut\u00e9ed with onions in our unique marinade   $10.95 includes rice and black beans and plantains. It all tasted authentic and very flavorful. My friends had the #33 BISTEC EMPANIZADO and #43 POLLO DESHEBRADO. Everyone loved their meal. Three of us a bottle of wine and appetizer the bill was less than $80. I also had the flan. They make it there and it is one of the better flans I've had. The consistency was that of cheesecake and not jello as you see in most restaurants. I'm Cuban and grew up eating this food and tell you it is authentic.
I love this restaurant. My favorite is the Pansit. I love the dessert with coconut juice and fruits inside.
Been here a few times and overall been a pleasant experience. Everytime we go the place is totally empty, so thats kind of creepy. But the experiences have been good. The kobe chuck & ribeye are delicious. Its a fun concept and the prices are fair. Its like playing with your food. Atmosphere costs them a star, but food and service def are worth the trip
Can't say enough good things about this place.  The staff is great and very knowledgeable, they've helped us with a lot of questions we have about diet and pet allergies.  Plus, they support of one of our favorite charities too--AZ Rescue.
Great Caesar salad with white anchovies.  Ahi tacos were fresh and delicious. Soups are good and fresh, we love coming here, Hubert's restaurants are the best...one complaint...veggie burgers are not house-made...looks like Boca burgers...please develop something that is to the Hubert and my standards next time
These people are experts in their field.  Experts.  \n\nYou want quality, This place delivers.  They do not skimp on anything.  The mocha's are made with the most amazing chocolate - egads, I wish I had one now.  \n\nI wish this place was local to me - but I certainly make an effort to get there as often as I can.  Thinking about going now . . . who's up for it?
Just dined here with a colleague and loved it. A gentleman personally visited to discuss the wine list and the server explained everything on the menu in detail (all in French FYI). Our glasses were never empty and multiple quality checks were done.\nSpicy ground beef plate was delicious and the salad du ch\u00e8vre was a perfect taste combination. \nAs a Torontonian foodie, I give this place two thumbs up.
I'm so lucky to have found this clinic years ago. \nDr. Besemer and Dr. Kieran have done a wonderful job nursing my parvo puppy back to health. The staff has been wonderful and accommodating, as I had to visit twice a day.\nThe treatment options are always reviewed, medicines explained and received before leaving and they always do their best.\nMy fur family will always come here when they need to feel better.
The Mexican Chopped Salad is truly one of the BEST salads I've ever had! It was so good! Also the last time I was here the waiter got sour cream or something in my brand new 400.00 Coach purse. I didn't see it and never would have known but he stepped up and told me what happened and we cleaned it up bad it never touched the purse. If it wasn't for his honesty my purse wound have a big stain. I've never splurged on a purse before so I would have been pretty bummed. I so appreciated his honesty! Anyway, this is a great place to eat!
Dr. Hightower is great. I wanted help to repair and rehabilitate my overused arms since my elbows were sore all the time.  I am so much better after just three appointments. She is awesome and my athletic performance is dramatically improved. The Pilates instructor is raved about by some of the other clients so I'm going to work on my alignment and injury prevention next with her.  The clinic's cash rate is excellent, so worth it. She takes insurance too but mine doesn't have a chiropractic benefit. Doesn't matter to me. My elbow problems have nagged me for over five years despite other treatments. They're better now because of Dr. Hightower.
Yesterday I went for a smog test for my car, spent about 10 minutes withs a lovely old guy, who as so bored ( I was his only client all day) he not to tell me the story of his life, no that was not that great, he learn his lessons a little to late, but I learn right in time that I can renew the registration of my car in less that two minutes! \nI have no idea who deserves the credit, but what a great idea this was! A DMV kiosks right inside a very popular store! \nSorry I don't shop here, but I will see you again next year to renew my registration without waisting a day in line at DMV :)
My favorite sushi Happy Hour in town! For only $3/roll, you can get very high quality yellowtail rolls, tuna rolls, etc. Also, their fliritinis are amazing if you're looking for a cocktail; they even come with a little shaker and extra \""champagne bomb\"" so it's two-for-one on top of the HH price! It also goes until 6:30 which is nice (I hate those HH that only go 'til 5:30-6 - who is out of work by that time?!) and they have a reverse HH, as well.\n\nAs for the ambiance, the main dining room is average but I really enjoy sitting out on their misted/heated patio, or check out their back bar which is cool and intimate.\n\nI'd give Zen 32 5 stars but for their spotty service. I've had awesome service here (had my birthday HH here recently and the server was so great about accommodating my party of 13, including splitting up the check for us) but I've also had really rude servers who've ignored me and had a generally bad attitude. \n\nAlso check out Gelato Spot - which is across the street - for dessert. YUM.
Love this place, great for a lazy Sunday.
You know what I love about this bar? No bull shit from the bartenders. They see a face in their domain, they immediately appear and take your order. Even when the place is packed. I like it. \n\nOk, and the fact that beer is five bucks doesn't hurt.\n\nThis is a good place to start, spend and end an evening. I've now had the pleasure of doing all of above on different nights of the week. \n\nAs a side note. the owners are great about lining up cabs when the place closes down. There wasn't a need to wait a long time for any of us (ahem) who needed them to get a ride home.
I come here at least 2 times per month for drinks and wings. I have had fast service each visit and the food is good. They have changed the wings and added some additional flavors, had the chilli lime tonight and they were perfect. Every night the bar has some special .. I especially like Monday nights for 3 olive vodka s only $3.
Those nice ladies have been able to accommodate my four dogs (yes, I said four dogs, get over it!) all on the same appointment and they gave me a discount on the top of that!\n\nThe job was impeccable.\n\nMy four babies seemed very happy and stress free after their appointment\n\nThe shop is very pretty and the staff is professional and knowledgeable.\n\nWill definitely come back!
First time trying this place today almost looks like one of those hole in the wall places from the outside but going inside its nice, me and the wife ordered the mozerella tomato basil sandwich....sooo good the bread is amazing the sandwich is so simple but works so well together. Definitely recommend this to who haven't tried it.
After the experience of eating at Lagasse Stadium, I was a little worried about eating at another Emeril establishment.\n\nWe came for lunch. I pre ordered the rib steak the day before since they do not regularly serve it for lunch. And it was with it. Cooked perfectly, and great flavor. The truffle mac and cheese was fantastic as well.\n\nI would come back.\n\nOnly a 4 star rating since it does seem like eating in a mall.
The grilled bison burger was the best of any type burger I have tasted in Madison and beyond. The  chip-shaped French fries were also delicious and deep fried in fresh oil.\nThe squash soup was spicy, but not overpoweringly so.  The ambiance is old and rustic- bare brick, wood floors, tables and bar.  My only quibble was the loud rockabilly which echoed almost painfully off the bare brick walls.  They were nicely obliging in turning it down to background level.  No plastic accepted.
As part of Spa Week I was able to take advantage of a 50 min massage and 50 min facial for $158 (including tip) at the Joya Spa. While I had enjoyed the pool and restaurant previously this summer I had yet to try any of their spa services. This was my first professional massage and facial and I must say that I was very pleased. \n\nFirst off, the spa is beautiful and from the moment you step in you'll feel the stress and worry of your day disappear. I loved the decor, Moroccan theme, and all of the staff. While the prices are high (I can't say I'd pay normal pricing unless it was a special occasion - - or treat from my husband lol) any money you spend will be worth it. \n\nMilana performed my facial and it was very relaxing. She explained everything she was doing as well as made recommendations on how I should be caring for my skin @ home. For the most part I thought it was a treat for my skin, but aside from feeling like I was fresh faced (which was nice) I don't think I'll be adding this to my monthly list of things to do. Maybe once or twice a year, but that's about it.\n\nWhen it was time for my massage I was greeted by Mome and led to my room. This was my first massage so she explained the protocol to me and we got started! I had the option of selecting the music I wanted to listen to while having the treatment done and sooner than later I was drifting into la la land. Boy oh boy... that massage was amazing! Well, until I realized that the massage therapists come w/in inches of your goods lol... which wasn't a big deal (just a surprise) and made me glad that I chose to leave my undies on. The massage is definitely something I could see adding into my life on a consistent basis. Mome was great making sure to pay special attention to every area.
If you love hot dogs, then you'll love this place! They've got turkey dogs, veggies dogs, and my favorite... all beef dogs! However, they're no ordinary dogs (though you can buy one that way). I chose the East Coast Dog that was topped with pastrami, sauerkraut, tomatoes, and their Buldogi mayo. My boyfriend chose two: one topped with teriyaki beef, roasted peppers, sesame seeds, and teriyaki sauce which, quite fittingly, was called their Teriyaki Dog. He, also, tried one of their specials of the day... the Philly Steak Dog (which wasn't on the menu). It had steak, peppers, shredded cheese, and Buldogi mayo. Then, to top off our order, we had some Euro Fries that were covered with pork belly bacon, herbs, cheese, and garlic mayo.\n\nI enjoyed my dog (I love me some pastrami and sauerkraut), but I wish they had used a more tangy sauerkraut rather than sweet. My bf's Teriyaki dog was amazing! He said that he'll, definitely, be getting that again (and I may get one for myself, too... yeah, it was that yummy)! The Philly was alright, but nothing that either of us would order in the future. He tried it out because one of the staff had suggested it and said that it was pretty good. The fries were pretty tasty. They were a little on the salty side, not because of the toppings, but I think because of the seasoning salt that was on the fries themselves. Next time, I think I'll ask for them lightly seasoned... just in case.\n\nThere are so many hot dogs to choose from (and you can create your own, as well) that the bf and I have decided that we'll be back.  He wants to try out their Banh Mi Dog and I'd like to try the Buckeye.\n\nOverall, the experience was great! It helps that the owner and his staff were super friendly. From the minute we walked through the door to the time we got up to leave, we received excellent customer service.
This place has got potential. \n\nI did quite enjoy their chili w/ cornbread muffin. Nothing really special but I enjoyed it nonetheless. \n\nPie wasn't anything special to me. Crust was hard and it was a pain to eat. \n\nI did get the Grizz on my first visit but ehhhhh. I'm gonna try the country fried steak next time. \n\nIn terms of service, it's not too shabby but not exceptional either.
Took my daughter there for her birthday dinner with her family.  Fabulous food cooked to perfection.  My daughter is very picky as she is a waitress ... Our waitress was a doll & have wonderful attentive service with a smile.  Great evening!
I'll say it off the bat, I work here so I may be a bit biased.  BUT, I know that they only serve their freshest cuts of fish and don't even bother serving anything below par to customers!\nTheir rolls are obviously not genuinely Japanese, but they have specials everyday of their newest incoming fish for those that want \""real Japanese food\"".  The chefs are very flexible and friendly and are able to make any suggestions necessary as long as you ask politely.  Happy hour Sunday-Thursday and beer specials with discounted apps every day!  Very affordable and tasty, they have something for everyone.  Still have yet to try their teppanyaki, but I've never heard any complaints.\n\nThe baked scallop roll and Fiji Tiger roll are a must have!\n\nPS- be nice to servers, we make less than minimum wage and more than half of the income comes from tips.  We try the best we can!
This place is like a popcorn lovers dream! Such good flavors. The owner is very nice and helpful. It's great that you can sample as many flavors as you wish (this makes it hard to pick flavors lol.)  I really love this place I'm glad it's so close to home! My favorite flavor is the cookies and cream. I never would have thought this would be my favorite flavor but it's taste is great and it actually has pieces of cookies! Popcorn is a little expensive but the quality and taste are so good it's worth paying a little more. I hope this place is here for the long haul!
I didn't realize that this pizzeria was New York style only. I'm not a huge fan of thin crust pizza, so I asked if there were any thicker crusted options. The woman taking my order offered to use a larger dough and stretch it out to the smaller size I wanted to achieve a thicker crust... at no extra charge! \n\nThe pizza still ended up being thin, but it was really good so I didn't mind. The wait was a little long too. It's probably because we opted to dine-in during the dinner rush on a weekend. \n\n4 stars for excellent service, good pizza, and a chill atmosphere (with ESPN!) I don't spend a lot of time in NLV, but I'll def come in again when I'm over here.
Wow. Every cool pinball machine I've ever loved is all in the same place!!! Came here on my birthday with about half a roll of quarters. Played one game each on about five different machines and spent less than $5 in a 45 minute timeframe. Amazing selection of new and retro games. On a couple of the games, the balls kept getting stuck but I either got an extra one or they loosened themselves up after a minute or so. What a fun trip down memory lane!!!
This is hard for me, I'm conflicted.  \nYou walk in and are greeted by a plethora of flamingos.  Nice.\nSome of the cages are like wrought iron bird cages, with bigger animals.  Not nice.  Creepy.\nFree camel rides on Sundays - at least there used to be.  Yeah, nice.\nThey have those wierd plastic melting machines that make gorillas and other fine figurines, still warm when they plop out of the machine.  Cool.\nPetting zoo/children's zoo.  Cool.\nRight next to Lake Wingra.\nI didn't see it but angry polar bears?  Scary.\nFree zoo.  FREE ZOO.  Donate money or something, they need it.  It's a pretty damn great zoo for it's size and pocketbook.
Came to this place on a Thursday night with a few people. I was in town, from California, visiting for a few days and had heard a lot of good things about the Great Dane.\nTo start things off, I had the Crop Circle Wheat beer, which was pretty darn good. We also ordered some cheese curds, which were pretty amazing. For my entree, I had the Mad City meatloaf. It was probably one of the better meatloaves I've had in a long, long time. It was seasoned very well and the fried onions and peppers on top were a nice combination of flavor.\nCrop Circle Wheat + Mad City meatloaf + cheese curds = a full tummy.\nDefinitely a place to check out if you're visiting. Next time I'm in town, I'm gonna have to try a few more of their brews.
I had the stromboli to go and I bet its better inside. By the time I got it home and around to eating it just wasn't crisp anymore. Not a good to go food but they quickly took my order and had my food prepared. I will go back.
I enjoy this park for many reasons.\n\n1.) I love taking my dog Kaipo here. He gets to play with a lot of other dogs. Make sure you clean up after you dog. \n\n2.) Basketball courts are pretty cool, not that great but it does the work.\n\n3.) It has great open field for flag football \n\n4.) Lots of sitting areas \n\n5.) Love that there's a lot of things to do at this park. Great way to keep the youth out of trouble.
I liked this theater because it is not too huge or too small.  It's easy to navigate and is not overwhelming.  I didn't feel like a criminal going through security. It was fast and they were friendly.
Loved their inventory of music and novelty items. I had to really search for the artists I was looking for, but I won't complain because I was having a blast finding so much more than I was looking for. Got my J Boog and Jay Tee cuts, now I can kick back and chill.
Best carwash in Henderson!   They always do a great job and their customer service is top notch.  I have 3 very hairy dogs and they trash my car on a constant basis.  Everytime I have it washed, it looks brand new again.  Thanks guys!!
I love this buffet. They have so much to chose from, and free alcohol can't get any better then that. Everytime I come to vegas, I must eat here and play here. The desserts are amazing as well.
I used to frequent the original C&A when I lived here in 2002. I just moved back to town and to my delight, found there are now 2!\n\nMy husband and I checked out the little C&A and had a nice time. Our beer was good and cold, the bartender was nice and beautiful. The fish and Chips were good, and the patrons were playing great music from the juke box the whole time....how could you not like the place?\n\nDefinitely not quite the atmosphere of the big one, but it accomplished all of it's pub duties, plus I don't have to drive through the strip to get there now that I live in the NW. The other one is easy to get to from Green Valley (where I lived before)
Had an incredibly tasty salad here the other day.  It was a daily special -- coconut shrimp, mango, raspberries, etc.  Fab food, super setting.  Very nice lunch for the ladies!  Also, beautifully refreshing iced tea.  I'll be back!
We booked this hotel with some hesitation but I have to say I was thoroughly impressed. It feels like a mini venetian, and since it's connected to the other large casino hotel (name currently escapes me, Mandalay? ) it has all the amenities you would want in Vegas. Highly recommend!
I've been going to this car wash for several years. ALWAYS great service. Visited today. Minimal wait. Car was amazingly cleaned - vacuuming was thorough, exterior clean, interior cleaned...even cup holders. Just learned I missed a recent Groupon and am disappointed....but will still go here for my next car wash!
Spicy basil with pork. So good. Got it to go. Spice level ordered was level 7 out of 10. Probably too spicy for most but addictingly delicious.
This is a GREAT bar with top notch service. Great atmosphere. Live music on the porch, so it wasn't too loud inside. Tried the pub fries. Yum. I'll be back.
Kimmy's Takeaway is the definition of a greasy spoon cafe and it serves it's purpose rather well. They have a great selection of beverages, snacks and cakes and if you're looking for something on the go then this isn't a bad shout.\n\nThe prices are very reasonable indeed. Teas and coffees are as little as 60p, baked potatoes start from \u00a32.00, a roll and bacon is \u00a31.60 and soup is a mere \u00a31.\n\nIn addition to this they also cater for the kids too with a slush puppy machine, crisps and a lot of yummy looking chocolate cakes.
OMG you talk about getting lucky when you happen to pop into a new restaurant.  Had never heard of this place - had never seen it before, and we just walked in after shopping near by.\n\nAMAZING!  My wife and I have been there a few times now and every time it just got better.  (Probably because we ditched the kids for some adult time)  Not that you have to... they'll feed them too.\n\nLast time I was there I got the lobster ravioli and it was to die for!  I love italian food and Nick's is my favorite.  I don't know for certain that it's all made from scratch, but it sure looks and tastes that way.\n\nPerfect food.  Great service.
Yeah, it's in Scottsdale.  Yeah the menu is inconsistent.  I don't give a rat's ass. This place is the BOMB dot com.  Their shredded beef chimichanga is the best hangover cure ever.  (Props to my bro for pointing it out) and their Chile Relleno is awesome.  The atmosphere is cool and weird, it's right next to SMoCA and it's still family owned and operated.\n\nAlso, step off the salsa.  The salsa fresca in the little caraffe.. you know the one with piles of fresh tomatoes and cilantro and onions and peppers?  It rocks my world.  It's not the only salsa that makes my tongue do the Snoopy dance, but it's certainly one of them.\n\nThe service isn't always fabulous but it's never been bad.  I admit the first time I went here I wasn't overly impressed.  It turns out I ordered badly.  The trick to enjoying this place is to get one of the dishes they do well.  For me that's the shredded beef chimi, the chille relleno and cheese enchiladas in that order.
I'm going to pay for this later :)  \n\nI was greatly surprised by Bento's. This is a very good restaurant and family friendly.\n\nAll you can eat sushi... and about 25 different kinds.  I especially liked the Spicy Tuna and Crab & Cream Cheese roll.  Attentive service, greatly priced- family of 4 ate dinner for under $40.  Weakness would be the fried rice, a little more oil than I prefer.  Would eat here again.  I am so full...
I took my phone out while walking around. \""No photography in the store, hun,\"" to which I replied that I was not. \""I know, sweetheart, I'm just sayin', there's no photography in the store, honey.\"" \n\nIt's hard enough being a woman that can fix her own car stuff. Being called pet names by strange women does not help. \n\nI contacted corporate and told them that the whole experience made me feel very uncomfortable. \n\nThis is where the obviously one star review turns into a five star review. The general manager was awesome in apologizing and assured me that she would receive some coaching on subtlety and proper behavior.\n\nThat really makes up for it. My greatest fear was that it was a given that if you're a woman in Autozone you're going to encounter condescending employees. I really felt like he was concerned and wanted that to not be the case.\n\nThanks for caring, AutoZone!
Best free show on the strip.  Spend some time here and watch the show from different angles around the lake.  \n\n\nSide tip:  Skip the Sirens of TI and stick around for a 2nd or even 3rd show of the fountains.  With the different types of songs and choreography, each show is unique and distictive.
Great local find! Beef carpaccio was pre-plated and refrigerated, and sliced so thinly that it was nearly a paste. Out of tuna entree, but the short rib and duck entrees were outstanding. Reasonable prices, easy parking. Will return again.
Husband ordered chicken curry and I ordered lamb stew in sourdough bread bowl.  Both were delicious.  We will definitely be back for the food. \n\nHowever, if you are a non-smoker, I suggest you sit outside.  We sat inside and when I got home, my clothes and hair absolutely reeked of smoke.  (I am not a smoker.)  Our waitress was a bit slow but friendly.
Easy to schedule, on time, and extremely reasonably priced!  They were less expensive than they originally quoted.  That never happens.  Thank you Chris for doing such a great job!  We will definitely use them again in the future!
As a frequent Chipotle customer I was completely blown away by this location. The staff was very friendly and courteous. The steak burrito bowl that was made for me was outstanding. The steak was cooked perfectly and this location definitely did not skimp on the steak. I received two scoops and couldn't have been more happy.\n\nThe guac was excellent as usual. Thought I received a few less chips than I am used to but the extra steak more than made up for it. Will definitely be back!
I went to Wrigley with the Network of Business Women.  It was my first time there.  I had no idea where it was, but once I got there, I was pleasantly surprised.  The atmosphere was so beautiful and relaxed.  It was a great place to have lunch.  I had a steak salad and it was absolutely yummy.  \n\nGreat history on the house...I need to go back for their free tours.  I think they are at 10 and 3 everyday they are open.  (Check on that first)I heard they have a great Sunday Brunch, so I will be making my way out there again.  I would love to hang out on their patio one fall morning or evening.  Either way it would be awesome.
When no one else wanted to put my Yorkie under anesthesia, Dr. Capwell was experienced enough to take the chance and performed the teeth cleaning under anesthesia.  My dog was fine afterwards and I trust the vet with both my dogs. It's also convenient. I love that they have Saturday hours, too!
I was at OTW last night for their Speakeasy Sunday event.  The live music was incredibly good.  I hope they keep this going over the course of the year.\n\nOTW has a hip but comfortable western design theme.  We sat at one of the high top tables for dinner.  We ordered the Whiskey burger and the duck fat fries.  Both were good but I'd love to see more foie gras on the burger.\n\nI ordered a couple of Old Fashioneds and my date had the sparkling rose.  The Old Fashioned was well made and tasted great.\n\nI'm going to try to come back during the week since their happy hour menu looks interesting as well.
I had to restrain myself from writing this review right after eating here for dinner last night, because I was afraid my distended tummy and satisfied tastebuds would've influenced my review.\n\nWell. This place is great. Very good tapas, considering this is Urbana Champaign. A tad expensive (a $76 bill for three), but that doesn't stop me from planning to make the rare excursion back.\n\nLast night, my sister, mom, and I headed down to V Picasso, with reservations at 6 PM. (NO NEED FOR RESERVATIONS at that time, my god, there were like three tables filled.) It's a very pretty place, all dark and sleek, with lighted candles on each table. There are two places to sit - an actual dining area with plushy red booths and small tables, and then a sports bar-like area, which unfortunately got filled with rowdy drunk college guys as the night went on.\n\nOur server, Audrey, was incredibly helpful with the menu (and her suggestions for the dates and churros were wonderfully enjoyed). We ordered about 8 dishes, including spinach croquettes, the aforementioned bacon wrapped dates, grilled zucchini, blackened cod, tempura shrimp (the specialty for the night), shrimp ceviche, green string beans, lavendar creme brulee, and creme filled mini churros. \n\nThe Bad: green beans, tempura shrimp, and shrimp ceviche. The green beans were just...blah, with slivers of almonds. A waste of $5. The tempura shrimp was redeemed only because of the delicious red pepper aioli that I swear I would take a bath in, it was so good. The shrimp ceviche, oh, the ceviche. WHAT THE HECK? A weird amalgam of tomatoes and olive and roasted red peppers and jalapenos... blegh. No. Do not recommend.\n\nThe (Oh So) Good: the dates, ooh the dates. and the spinach croquettes. the COD! The dates were stuffed with gorgonzola cheese and walnuts, and then wrapped in crispy, sweet bacon. (I don't like gorgonzola/blue cheese at all, but these I devoured these babies.) I dreamed about those dates last night. Really. The spinach croquette oozed with cheese and wilted spinach, and they changed it a bit, so instead of two greasy cakes, out came out three crispy morsels. Yum. And, finally, blackened cod that was nestled on top of this tomato reduction that was slightly spicy. Mmm. I was never a fan of blackened fish, but it was deliciously crusted in spices.\n\nI need to go back and try the other tapas...
Super \u00e0 tester en sortant du cin\u00e9ma ....
Great food!!! Love the Gyro sandwich and greek salad for lunch!!! I know the owners the and they are very friendly to everyone.
You know you hit bookstore gold when you walk in and the smell of books hits you. Not, coffee, not some sort of air freshener, but books. I wasn't planning on going to Amber Unicorn, but since it was in the same shopping center as Trader Joe's (which was my destination) I hit this place up. Its been on my bookmarks for a while, so I was excited to visit another used book shop, and to check something off my list.\nI was greeted immediately when I walked in. The staff (I assume the man and woman where the owners) were very friendly during my entire experience. \n\nThe store is not big, but it is full of books. They carry all kinds, but specialize in hard cover, first edition and antique books. However, they had a very good selection of fiction, sci-fi, mystery and horror paper backs. They also have a lot of non-fiction, a great cook book selection, and a pretty substantial military and religion section. The organization was a little strange, but I was able to navigate. I was not looking for anything specific as I wasn't intended on going to the bookstore. After spending about 30 minutes looking, I went ahead and purchased one of the few Ray Bradbury  novels I do not own. \n\nThe Amber Unicorn also buys books, but they are pretty selective. For paperbacks they pay 10% of cover price. \n\nNow that I've been here, I will definitely come back with some time and some specific titles in mind.
OMG is $20/hr very nice price I get hot stone massage oil massage on my back only $20 so sweet \uff0calso there have chocolate for customer
I had never tried Fatburger before, but everyone told me it's one of the best places for a cheap burger and that its open 24/7 just north of the MGM. Well, I was surprised how good the food here was. I got the 1/2 pound or whatever burger, and my friend got the turkey. The turkey burger is kind of mediocre - the patty is dry and thin. Their regular burger is quite good. Very satisfying for what is a five dollar burger. I expected it to be really greasy (probably because of the name), but it was actually just a very good burger. The fat fries are also quite good. I will definitely think about this place next time I'm looking for that cheap burger in Vegas at 3am...
I got the crab Mac and cheese and pierogies. Very good. I also like the atmosphere with the open garage door. Good place to go to with a few close friends for food and beers!
Solid! So far I have tried the eggs Benedict meal, french toast and pancakes and all have been above board.\n\nNice outside seating and modern feel. \n\nDefinitely a place to recommend.\n\nOnly thing I would recommend they consider is to make the menu board easier to read. Everything is a bit convoluted and difficult to read what's what. This make you miss out on other meals because 1) you can't read everything and 2) you feel pressured because people are waiting behind you. \n\nSo if they rearranged the menu board and made it easier to read, I think more things would be tried out.
It's been my third time now staying in a hotel that's been off the strip and this one's been the best experience so far. I know the Palms is supposed to be the better one in this area, but the Palms is douchebag city. I admit the decor in the public areas of this whole hotel seems really dated- about as old looking as the way Excalibur looks. But the rooms make up for all of it. \n\nThey're not lying about the whole all-suites thing. These rooms are HUGE! My room had two queen beds, and a very spacious sitting area with a sofa. I'm sure if you wanted to cram in more people, you could fit another 4 people in here comfortably. (I'm not saying I did that- I'm not that ghetto anymore) They just need to update the rooms with some flat screen TVs and update the fixtures in the bathroom to make these rooms perfect. \n\nIf you don't care about staying at the Strip, but don't want to stay at a motel- Rio could work out for you.
After managing to get a last minute reservation at this coveted place my friend and I were really looking forward to dining here.  We got a Voice Mail confirming our reservation and the dietary restrictions we had (my friend doesn't eat Foie Gras and I stay away from Pork). Our reservation was done on a short notice so we didn't get the \""Golden Tickets\"". We arrived earlier and were nicely greeted by a glass of Cava. If this was taste of things to come we in for a treat but didn't over indulge as we wanted to keep our appetite and taste buds fresh and not overwhelmed.  My friend pointed out the interesting name \""1+1=3\"" which sorta summarizes this place (more on that later)\nWe were handed a keepsake menu with a rubberised seal (kind like makers mark)\nFrozen Sangria with Grilled Strawberries.  I think presentation was key here with the liquid nitrogen drawing oh and aah from the table. Nice contrast between and warm cold. With a nice a detailed description on why sangria was made that way (doesn't evaporate the alcohol as it remains frozen) I luved the  warm strawberries and might try it myself Sangria was nice at first but I couldn't finish it as I am not big on Sangria.\n\n\nSpanish Clavel. Again presentation was key here taste was not so much. The white petal made from yogurt didn't add anything to taste the centre flower has nice finish though. \nBeet Jewelry. Looked luvly and the finish was intense. How I would describe the bit of potato chips that are left after you have finished a bag and you get a surprise after while. Not bad  (not the intent I guess but awesome) \n\nCaramelized Pork Rinds. I had a substitute course here. My friend did like it though and commented melt in your mouth feel. \nApple \""Brazo de Gitano\"". Beautiful presentation. Nice gooey centre. The shell which was fluffy like a meringue had granny apple essence I think and centre was kind like a cheese. \nJose Taco. I had a substitute course and it was caviar in an asparagus shell. \nArtichoke with Caviar and Quails Egg. I liked this dish and I am not big on caviar. Nicely Balanced.  \nMembrillo with La Serena Cone.   Interesting combo didn't care much for it.\nBocata De Calamares could have been favourite dish if it wasn't too much bread and mayo. The uni was the freshest I have ever tasted. This one still made it to the top of my list. \nAjo Blanco. Modern version of a Spanish soup made from Almonds and Garlic. Deconstructed soup very interesting IMO. My friend luved it I was ok with it. \nCigala with Roses.  Good dish with intense flavour of shrimp heads. Top Notch. \n\nSmoky Oysters in Escabeche. Beautiful presentation again very nice flavours. \ncatch of the day with Black Garlic. I luved the black garlic as am a big fan of it. Fish was good I think it would gone better with more buttery fish. \nFoie Gras Baked in Salt.  I was really looking forward to this as I am  a Foie Gras luver didn't find it amazing. I guess I am spoiled by a restaurant that is the Foie Gras Mecca in Montreal   \nSecreto of Iberico Pork.  I had the rabbit instead nothing special. My friend luved this course.  \nOrange Pith Puree with La Serena. Very strong cheese reminded of a something I bought in Montreal. Nice combination. \n\nFrozen Apricot Coulant.  Nice and refreshing. I luved the shell didn't care much for the interior.  \n\nApples and Red Wine \""Freddy Giradet\"" nice goblets of wine and apples with ice cream on apple pur\u00e9e. \n\n25 Second Bizcocho. A Cake made in microwave from what I was told. More of technology demo than anything else  \n\nChocolates.  One was with saffron the other was like the fancy version of aero bar. Nice finish.\nWe were given a tour of the tiny kitchen in the back and we could see the effort that goes into preparing a 20 course meal. I am not sure they even break even when its all said and done. Maybe its an experimental play ground for the chef.  \nI am tempted to give 5 stars but the wine/alcohol selection could have been better. I did enjoy the beer (I first tried it in Vancouver) from Elli  Bulli Chef as it did go well with the course.\nThe Service was excellent and we were all at ease with each (4 fellow Canucks made it easier for us as well) the chefs even mingled with us afterwards which is a rarity.  \nOverall I don't think there were many dishes that stood out but the whole is greater than the sum of its parts going in line with the Cava before dinner (1+1=3).\nIts hard to recommend a 250$  a pop meal as value but I guess this one is. Safer than any bet you would make or a show you can see in Las Vegas.
This is a very unique gas station they do carry liquor but it is difficult to get in and out of and the employees always seem a little out of it over all a good place to stop just wish they had gas pumps
Easily 5 stars: delicious food, salad/bread included in the entree, attentive service, and BYOB\n\nTheir prices are extremely reasonable for what you get - huge portions that you leave more than satisfied and every entr\u00e9e includes a starter salad and bread with bean dip, similar to a hummus, that's loaded with tomatoes and balsamic vinegar.\n\nI feel like the majority of BYOBs in Pittsburgh are a range of Asian restaurants or generic Italian, but Pittsburgh needs more BYOBs like Sausalido. Their menu is creative and well-rounded with seasonal specials with something to please everyone - seafood, pasta, steak. I ordered the crab cakes - crispy on the outside with the perfect ratio of crab to filling, and it comes with a rich and flavorful risotto. I would definitely order it again, but I'm also tempted by almost every entr\u00e9e on the menu!
Story from the elevator:  Had just retreated with the aforementioned piece of layer cake.  A \""couple\"" we had just observed at SCE were retreating likewise with a piece of chocolate cake.\n\nFirst exchange: young lady in shapely dress boards elevator, eyes two older gentlemen with white beards (coal miner convention?), looks them up & down, and proclaims--\""C'mon guys. where's your hooker!?\""\n\nWife & I trade furtive glances, and attempt to maintain composure.  We have 30 floors to go without breaking out laughing before this intoxicated young lady who may or may not herself be \""working.\""\n\nSecond exchange:  man dressed in his clubbing shirt giggles & says \""cannot wait to eat this cake.\""  Young lady giggles more and proclaims \""Yeah, on your Di*k!\""  \n\nTwo old guys exit elevator, heads shaking.  Young \""couple\"" exits, more giggles.  Wife & I are left alone on the elevator ...laughter is heard.\n\nOnly in Vegas.  Thanks Wynn.
Another Sam Fox hot spot but with so many reviews of Olive and Ivy, this review will mainly focus on the fabulous concept they created called...a marketplace. So it's not the newest idea to hit the streets, but it's a great bonus for Olive and Ivy to offer a marketplace for those on the go who are craving a Mediterranean chopped salad or one of their heavenly flat bread pizzas. \n\nI've been a frequenter of Olive and Ivy since they first opened and like any other Sam Fox restaurant, they have a perfect blend of mainstream favorites with a twist based on the genre. The Sangria is delicious (I suggest the red), their salads are great and I love their flat bread pizzas. It's perfect for a group dinner, a date, if you have friends visiting or if you just have an urge to sit along the canal (umm...I mean \""waterfront\"") and enjoy the nice weather. \n\nWhile I love their food and I can always enjoy an extended lunch or dinner, sometimes I'm on the go and just want to be in and out. Rather than forcing me to call into the restaurant, order food to-go and wait for it by the hostess, the marketplace is Olive and Ivy's go-to spot for to-go orders. Breakfast, lunch or dinner...if you're hungry they've got something for you. I've had their egg sandwich which I'm thinking was a bit higher in calories than I wanted, but was worth it with every bite. I've been on the go and grabbed a salad, sandwich, coffee, dessert, etc...etc...etc and the service is quick and seamless. They even have gelato if you're sweet tooth is acting up. For solo lunch goers, the Olive and Ivy Marketplace is perfect because you can sit and eat without being in the actual restaurant. \n\nSo in summary, I love Olive and Ivy for the days that I can sit and stay but for the days I'm in a hurry, I know I can always count on their Marketplace.
First timer in Vegas and everyone raved about this place. Amazing food, friendly staff. Our waiter Toby was phenomenal!!! I'd recommend this place to everyone and I will definitely be back.
Had to come check this place out because there is one back home. Just to help me miss home even more, I went here for a late lunch. I had the Polynesian Chiken Sandwich with Sweet Potatoes. Great atmosphere, friendly welcoming workers, and of course delicious food. The portions have always been too much for me, but there is always that option for a to-go box. I haven't been to any happy hour functions, but this place is always packed & busy. I will bring good company next time I go instead of being a loner girl at the bar, Aloha!
I heard of this place from a friend so I stopped by there with another mutual friend and it really felt like I was in Seoul. I ordered Bibimbap and it was delicious, my friend ordered Kimchi Chigae and her little sister ordered the Samgyupsal. I had a taste of everything and it was FABULOUS. There were soooo many side dishes. The older lady who works there is just SO amazing. She is super friendly and helped me mix my food and told me many things the first time I ever had Korean food. It was really nice! I go there quite a lot now and the older lady knows me and my friends. She is an amazing lady and will help you with everything and start convo's with you.\n\n\nI do admit the food was slow, but I cant blame them because there is only one chef and when there is a lot of people in the restaurant, the older lady will help cook. So dont blame them, they don't have a lot of staff :c \n\n\nI would really recommend this place (:
I would (and have) recommend Dog's Best Friend to anyone looking for dog training, although I would also say their classes are more about training humans how to understand our furry companions and be the best owners we can for them. We took our first dog to Puppy I and II, and their Intermediate level class. Our trainer was wonderful and knowledgeable, and she was willing to answer any questions we had along the way. We were able to use the skills we learned to continue training Sam on our own and eventually a second dog with some behavioral issues which we rescued. I've found that I often use the same skills when being introduced to a new dog, and I've been able to pass on or demonstrate helpful tips to friends and family thanks to these classes.\n\nAll of their training courses are based on the work of Dr. Patricia McConnell, who is an animal behaviorist whose expertise is with dogs. They use a reward based system, believing that being the \""source of all good things\"" is a better motivator for your dog than fear and builds a healthier, happier bond between you and your dog. Puppy I and II follow the pace of a puppy's development and ability to focus so they don't become overwhelmed. Both classes include a break in the middle of class called \""puppy playtime\"" which offers structured socialization and allows the opportunity to teach owners how to read the body language of dogs when they interact. We learned how to break two dogs apart safely in the case of altercation and were able to practice drawing our dogs attention while they were distracted by the sights, smells and excitement of being outside with other dogs during playtime. I believe this socialization is extremely important and is a large part of why our dog has never had a problem with any other dog he's met since. It was amazing to see how quickly our puppy could pick up on new things once we knew what to do.  In the intermediate class there was no more playtime because the dogs were able to focus more, so we got to work on things they needed to know when visitors come over (no jumping) or out and about on-leash (heel) or at the dog park (consistent recall).\n\nWhile we didn't attend any other classes, they do offer agility training, trick classes and classes specific to adult dogs who may have some behavioral problems. They welcome the whole family to participate so everyone is on the same training page; we had a handful of kids involved in our classes which I think was great. They offer in-home services and were always happy to answer specific questions. I think anyone with a puppy should consider Dog's Best Friend and I will continue to recommend them without hesitation whenever someone mentions training. This was some of the best time and money I've ever invested, and I do believe that my relationship with my dogs is better than it could ever have been if I hadn't been \""trained\"" through these classes.
Love this place...love the vibe,warm colors,cold beer and friendly staff...we like to sit at bar to get a lot of inside scoop of what's hot and what's not on the strip...beleive me,bartenders know all...pub spots are killer as well as the fish and chips,oh and don't forget the truffle fries that absoutly one my favorite dishes ever.\nOverall-Good Pull
I'm part of a group that is planning an event to take place at Bar Marco. We stopped in to look at their space and talk over some details, and decided to have a glass of wine while we were there. Wines were on special, only $5 a glass. Our server was super friendly and INCREDIBLY knowledgeable about the wines he served us, without being snooty at all, which I love. It was disappointing that Firehouse closed at this location but Bar Marco has proven a worthwhile replacement. \n\nI look forward to the renovations they will be doing to the upstairs area.
When I bought my house, I was told I would have to look forward to some major plumbing issues, which could come with a hefty price tag. I was quoted from another source a very high number, but am I glad I was referred to Hansen's Plumbing Service. They came in, scoped everything out, and gave me an honest idea of what I was looking at. They charged me less than some of the others, and didn't need to tear up my whole front yard like some of the others were suggesting. A year and a half later, no plumbing problems whatsoever. I highly recommend their services - they are honest, fair, experienced and skilled, something you don't find much these days from others in this line of work.
\""Wanna date?\""\n\nYes, this is what the young kid asks every gal who walks by, but what he's offering isn't some one-night stand, it's a fantastic Organic Medjool date. \n\nThis is a very short note to say you should buy from him and eat a few a day and you will be happy. And it's easier than fighting with the birds in your own date palm to harvest them. Yes, truly, your date palm isn't just shedding schmutz, those dates up there are edible...but I willed mine this year to the birds and bought from these guys.\n\nSonoran Date Palms\nHC-1 Box 35W\nDateland, AZ 85333\n928-454-2771\nshephardneeley@yahoo.com
Wonderful food, drinks, service, and atmosphere.  I recommend this favorite of mine to everyone!
This is my favorite place to eat is Charlotte, and that's saying a lot. Fran is super-nice. The food is unique southern food with a twist, the wine is great, and the frans martini is crazy good. I plan on asking Fran to marry me one day.
A lot of people seem to either like or hate the old Vegas. Me personally, I enjoyed it. It's cheaper for everything from rooms, to food, to drink. Not to mention this hotel is at the very heart of Fremont Street, which is why most people visit the old Vegas.\n\nStayed in an upgraded room Gold Tower. First perk I noticed was the 24/7 candy/nut and water bar in elevator lobby on our way to our room. In the room itself there were  CDs, a DVD player, and an HD TV.\n\nThe room itself was very ambient, almost posh. To give an example, the mirror in the bathroom has a TV in it. I don't see that kind of flair very often.\n\nThe downside to this room was the tub/shower itself. It was difficult to take one due to the spacing issues and just seem to be broken down and/or not working the way that is expected of such.\n\nOther than the tub/shower issue, it was a pretty nice stay for $140/night during our visit. Will definitely come here again. And if you end up giving this place a try, dish out the extra money for Gold Tower rooms, they're worth it for the price.
I'm a big fan of Leaps. Their frozen custard is wonderful! I enjoy being able to get a small portion because it is good enough that you don't have to eat barrels of it to feel like you've had a good dessert.\nThe atmosphere is very nice. They have tables, but also leather chairs and a comfy couch. Even better, they have FREE WIRELESS INTERNET! Yeah! I've seen everyone there from high school volleyball players to business people making huge financial deals. It's a great spot, especially in the summer.
I've been a member for about 6 months now and am enjoying it very much. Classes are great, although there are many offered only during the day that I would like to try, but can only take classes after work. The cardio machines get very crowded at peak times but I can usually find something to do. Uptown location is a bit smaller but South Blvd location has a little more space. Very much enjoy group power, yoga, and cycling classes through the group fitness. Bathrooms aren't always the cleanest they could be but overall very happy with membership.
You can't beat this for the money. Great chicken fingers and pizza.
Prepare to come hungry and leave happy! I highly recommend coming early since the average wait is around 1-2 hours. Luckily, we only waited for about an hour. This buffet is spacious and has LOTS of selections.\n\nI enjoyed their Asian selection. Black chicken stew? It reminds me of my mom's homecooked soup. There's dim sum options, soups, and vegetables as usual. I actually was surprised with the flavoring of the black chicken stew. It's not exactly on point, but it's good enough!\n\nAs for the entrees, there's crab legs!! I think we got about 2-3 plates of those. Not only that, but some of the food dishes are served in small portions, which is helpful in preventing you from \""overeating.\"" What I mean by that is that you leave more room in your stomach for the other dishes. The sweet potato tater tots were delicious! In addition to the prime rib and the truffle potato gratin!\n\nSome other memorable choices that I've tried was the lobster clam chowder and caprese salad and the artisan sausage. There's seriously lots of things to eat here! Another favorite of mine was the lasagna!!\n\nNow onto the desserts, they have mochi ice cream! Vanilla, Kona Coffee, and Chocolate. I was a bit disappointed there was no mango or green tea, but -shrugs- the dessert was still good. They had French macaroons as well as ice cream! The mango lime sorbet was my favorite along with the creme brulee.\n\nMy stomach had the time of its life here. One thing about this place though is the expensive price. With the food selections - there were a variety and there were some hit and miss dishes. However, looking back on it, I would probably say that this is a one-time thing. I enjoyed the food and the experience here, but won't return until my wallet gets fatter.
I look forward to every visit! I always get exactly what I ask for.  I prefer the more natural look and she always delivers! I enjoy my many compliments but always give her the credit she deserves. She is a beautiful artist who makes me feel beautiful too. Thanks!!
I was pleasantly surprised in coming here.  I had passed by for years and always thought that for some reason it would have bad quality.  Boy was I wrong.  The pizza crust was just right, nicely wood fired and not to thick.  They had a good selection of toppings, so I didn't feel like I was stuck with a plain jane pizza.\n\nWe came during happy hour and were able to try a variety of tapas  at half price.  I admit some of our choices were odd to go with pizza (hummus).  But they were good anyways.  I will come back.
Wow!  What a great old-school steakhouse.  While they do actually have other items on the menu, if you don't eat red meat, I wouldn't bother showing up. Not because the non-red meat items aren't good but really, why bother?  This place is known for steaks and they deliver.  They also do the old school relish tray (who does that anymore, right?) and a basket of biscuits and corn muffins.  Yum.\n\nOur service was flawless.  And if I were you, I'd catch an after dinner drink in the bar.  Impressive historical tidbits all over the restaurant, and the bar is great too.  \n\nI see some people whine about the price.  Yeah, they're pricey but it was well worth it and from what I understand, their lunches are just as amazing and much cheaper. This is way better than any shiny Scottsdale steakhouse any day.\n\nBTW, they actually followed up with me the next day via Twitter and thanked me for my patronage.  How's THAT for good customer service?!
I came here for their Grand opening weekend 15+ years ago, and have been back a few times since. Not just because we get great deals and it's really nice, but because the wave pool and lazy river pool rock! We even snuck into the Monte Carlo pool once because the hotel we were staying (at down the strip - which we referred to as the \""Dump behind the dump\"") had a sucky pool which paled in comparison. Not that I just love family friendly hotels, which this hotel is, but I don't mind it here, because the pool area is big enough for everyone. \nThe buffet is good and the location is close to the overpass that takes you into the MGM. There, you can catch the Monorail all the way to the north end of the strip. \nIf laying by the pool or riding an inner-tube around the lazy river all day doesn't float you boat, you can walk next door and ride the roller coaster at the New York, New York hotel. In the evenings, it isn't too far to walk to the Bellagio to watch their famous free outdoor water show. \nFor me, I preferred to lay by the pool and drown my hangover with a little hair of the dog, then gamble in the Monte Carlo casino - hopeful I'd win enough money to pay for some drinks one of their many bars. \nI think my favorite thing about the hotel is the clean, quiet feel. The clubs/lounges can be loud, as well as the gigantic gaming floor, but when I'm tired and need a comfy bed to take a nap before hitting the clubs or the strip, this hotels' beds and nicely decorated rooms suit my needs just fine. \nYou can also find some really good rates at the Monte Carlo; half what you'd pay at the new boutique-ish hotels.
Not many bad things to say- chips weren't hot and needed a little salt but main dish was amazing.You have the choice of whole wheat or white flour, crunchy, or low carb tortillas. I got one pacos taco (beef brisket, queso fresco, cabbage, caramelized onions & cilantro) and a turkey club carnitas taco (shredded turkey, avocado, lettuce, jalapeno bacon, tomato, avocado ranch )both on whole wheat tortillas- the turkey was UNbelievable. Came with choice of charro beans (pintos cooked with brisket and bacon), black, or refried and a side of rice and slaw. Pretty big crowd for a Tuesday night, would recommend getting there before 6 on a weekday, and earlier on a weekend.
When your burger arrives with a giant steak knife pierced through it, you sorta know the kitchen is serious about its food or trying to me. The great bartender whose name escapes me now said this place changed their menu and is using better quality ingredients. I popped in to watch some of the MNF game and Cardinals fans were clearly lacking here as usual. Happy hour pricing was fair with 1/2 price craft beers and some appetizers were on special, but not the ones I desired. The prices are probably a few bucks overpriced, but I keep forgetting that Mill Ave is at fault with its high rents in a college town. So, I ordered the $10.50 Classic burger with grilled onions and american cheese and secret sauce. It was a solid burger, cooked well done on the first try and huge and no, I did not use the giant knife to cut my burger in half. I'm a purist in that regard, kind of like when I see somebody using a knife/fork to eat a slice of pizza - cringeworthy.\n   Forgot to mention the Onion rings - they are beer battered, crispy and a great choice as a side dish (see pic).
At $16/person for the shared gondola ride and $64/couple for a private one, the Venetian gondola ride is a bit on the pricey side. But can you really put a price on romance?! Hm.. I guess you can.\n\nAnyway, the BF pulled a cute one on our last day in Vegas and took me on a ride through the Venetian on a gondola, complete with a gondola man with an Italian accent who sang to us twice. \n\nThey do a great job setting the mood (couple pictures at the beginning, cute italian serenade). \n\nI HAVE to give this 5 stars because it was a sweet gift from the BF =]
Day drinking at Ticoz is about the most fun one could have on a Sunday afternoon. Robert M, Ayesha S and I made Ticoz our second drinking stop yesterday (following Postino) because we were picking Dottsy up from the airport and needed to find something to occupy our time. As goes for most any situation, libations came to the rescue!\n\nI'd had an assortment of margaritas Friday night and decided my new favorite is the blackberry, which I had three yesterday. We also ordered the chicken quesadilla and chicken nachos. Both were good, albeit somewhat overcooked for my liking.\n\nPreviously, I've had the sangria and while not nearly as good as Dottsy's it suits the purpose.
Love this place!  I don't know what I would do without it.  I'm into just about every kind of craft and they have something for it all.
Firehouse is awesome at night, lots of people, and great service. Most of the time a bar at night does not have the greatest food during the day but firehouse is an exception! From burgers to chicken rolls! Only suggestion check bathrooms during the day more! Otherwise fun fun fun place at night!
Always make a 7 AM appointment (for fasting tests) and usually get called in within 5 minutes of appointment time. Consistently good. We always go to the location at Lake Mead and Buffalo. Staff is pleasant and competent.\nOf course, today I called to get the results and was told that one test was still \""pending\"". The lab didn't receive the specimen until after midnight today despite the fact that the blood draw was taken at 7 AM yesterday. That's the last time I make an appointment for a Friday :-).\nOtherwise, I recommend this location highly.
We went for the Sunday brunch buffet and found it to be delicious. Everything you would look for at a breakfast buffet in a hotel. Fresh squeezed juices, eggs cooked to order, real maple syrup for the pancakes, awesome chorizo sausage gravy, thick slices of bacon, mountains of fresh fruit and baskets of croissants and muffins. It was our anniversary during our visit and they comped one our meals on this visit. Worth going if you're staying at the hotel, food is great. We got a really cozy booth in the middle of the room. Service was fine. Coffee was good. Carol C. got a USA Today which she enjoyed a lot. What else can you ask? Nice work Ko'sin.
Love this place, the food is good and great prices! The ambiance is fun and friendly.
Needed somewhere near the office and happened to find Bonos via Google Maps. As soon as I saw the menu I knew I had to try it out. Called in an order for a Rueben and it was ready by the time I got there (maybe 10 minutes, if not less). It came untoasted (which was specified in the menu, toasting and extras have to be requested) but it was delicious. They also threw in some \""Atomic\"" horseradish which was a little tamer than they had warned, but not for the faint of heart.\n\nI will *ABSOLUTELY* be coming back here. The first meal was great and the prices are amazing. $5 for a 10\"" pizza too? (At the time of this writing) and they've got some great specials if you ask/are inside.
Fresh seafood in the desert at affordable prices?  Yes please! This place won't disappoint. Ambience and service is great too. We tried the lobster, mussels, clams and the catfish. Everything was tasty. Can't wait to go back
As far as food goes, I'd give this place 4 stars, but based on the service, it get's a golden review. KEN was our waiter and he did a damn fine job. My bf and I were flying out of Charlotte the following morning and decided to spend the evening walking around the city and grabbing some decent food and drinks. Ken made the experience a hundred times more pleasant than expected! He had the best recommendations for dinner - go with the mac n cheese for your side and crab cake for app! - and also he brought me 2 sav blancs to try before making a decision on which wine I had with my meal. The evening seemed a little slow and we enjoyed chatting him up about Charlotte's history and night life, etc. We really had a great evening and the food was yummy, but the service was unprecedented. Thanks, Ken!
Brio is a nice, family friendly restaurant in Tivoli. Before I give ny opinion on the food, i have to tell you I am really, really annoyed with restaurants that serve cold, hard butter with warm bread. Bread isn't hot enough to melt the butter on contact so the bread basket is pretty much a wash. \n\nOn with the food....if a restaurant serves a steak salad, that's generally what I order. Enter the steak salad at Brio. It is FRICKIN DELICIOUS!! The steak is prepared medium rare, unless you ask it be prepared another way. I did not. My steak was perfect. Seriously. Perfect.  The salad was a mix of different lettuce, mushroom, cherry tomatoes, candied pecans and tons of gorgonzola. It's tossed with a creamy horseradish dressing. Next time, I'd ask for less dressing because I did find the salad was a little dressing heavy and because there really is a lot of gorgonzola on the salad. \n\nThe kids got penne with marinara and shrimp. They gobbled it up. The shrimp was cooked perfectly. They also ordered a small chocolate cake which, surprisingly, they didn't like.\n\nThe restaurant is nice. Service was good. We will be back.
Nothing like having yummy food right at the elevator entrance to make you almost OK with dining in your pajams on the late-night. I said ALMOST.... ::hangs head in shame::\nAte there twice this past visit and both times, service was pretty stellar. Both times, the waitress was attentive and quick to bring us what we needed. My girls and I shared orders from the \""Small Bites\"" section during our first visit, which were exactly what we needed to fuel our subsequent visit to Azure afterward (because who really wants to see my extended post-nosh belly? Not me!). We ordered a couple plates of the mini-tacos (both pork and fish), the mac and cheese and the ahi ceviche. For having such an extensive menu, all items were tasty and left very good impressions with all of us. Between three rather ravenous girls, we were satiated without being uncomfortably full. \nThe second visit was a post-drinking munchy-fix, so burgers were on our mind. I originally ordered the veggie burger and the waitress was quick to check to see if I had ordered it before, as she did NOT recommend it (love honesty from waitstaff!). I went with her recommendation of the mushroom burger, which was satisfiying, if a little mushy (might not be extremely possible to construct a firmer mushroom patty than what it was). Our water glasses were never empty and we were never neglected, despite the late hour and the hordes of Vegas revelers that were all looking for their drunken nosh.\nThe Palazzo is a definite repeat for me, and hence, so is GLC, ESPECIALLY during those late-night seshs.
How had I not been here before?!?! This place is close to my house, yet I never noticed it. I went here with the International Supper Club and was surprised at what a nice place this was. The ladies who work here were wonderful and accommodating to our ever growing party (uhh 2 more chairs please?) and managed to get most (not all) of the food out at around the same time for over 20 people... pretty good stuff. I went out on a limb, not being a fish person, and ordered the fish fillet divorciados and my risk came with great reward... this was delicious! It was a lightly fried fish fillet (that was HUGE) covered in half red sauce and half green. The red sauce was fairly good, but the green sauce was amazing... spicy, yet fresh tasting. The fish was so flaky and perfectly cooked.... it wasn't fishy at all. The plate was so huge, I shared with two other people and was still stuffed. As good as my dish was, the other couple dishes I tried weren't as delicious. I tried the fish tacos, which were very weird...like mini quesadillas with little bits of fish inside and they tasted very fishy....not my cup of tea. The al pastor tacos were alright, but nothing special. I think the key to this restaurant is to get the seafood (duhhhh). We also got to try several of their cakes which were all alright, but none were amazing. The coconut cake was my favorite. Anyway, I would definitely come here again!
Went at 6pm and though it was packed we were seated in 5 min. Staff was friendly and attentive. Our server Grant was very good!! Food was delicious and portion sizes were good.
We needed to accommodate 24 rugby players and this restaurant pulled it off without a hitch.  Great service. Numerous chip and salsa refills. A skinny margarita made of only three ingredients- agave nectar, tequila, and lime juice! One word of caution almost every dish was spicy. Perfect for my palate but not for everyone.
OMG!!! i loved it. I had the Las Vegas Dog my GF had the Mob Boss Dogg and we SMASHED!!! its a nice cozy spot perfect for watching a game eating great food and grabbing a beer. 3 thumbs up if i had another. lol
I love this place! Wish there was one in the East Valley. Here's a tip:\n\nCeviche and the No. 29. Thank me later. \n\nPlus, it's just cool as hell.
I had read good reviews already so I was excited to check this place out and they really did exceed my expectations. \n\nThe service was very friendly and helpful. When I asked about the sauces for the wings the next thing I knew the cook was letting me sample all of them to get a good idea of what I wanted (I'm happy to say all were delicious).  \n\nThe kitchen is right out in the front and we got to personally talk to the chef and owner who made great recommendations and was an all around great guy. He made us feel so welcome and was clearly enjoying his time cooking. \n\nI order the baby back ribs with a side of Mac and cheese. The Mac and cheese was so creamy and amazing I would have been happy with just a big bowl of that for dinner. The ribs were fabulous! Smokey and tender, they fell right off the bone. the table offers three of their award winning sauces so you can pick and choose what you want to put on (I personally loved the Carolina gold). \n\nMy boyfriend got the prime rib sandwich with a side of fries and oh dear lord I have never in my life seen a prime rib sandwich like this! It was HUGE!! It was cooked wonderfully and I was a little jealous of his choice (but luckily my ribs were just as amazing). The fries were also wonderful. They had a nice garlic taste to them. \n\nI would definitely recommend this place to all my friends (which I will be doing) and I will definitely be returning (I'm very excited to try their wings). \n\nGreat barbecue, great atmosphere, great service, great people, great EVERYTHING! Try this place you won't be disappointed.
Went to ncounter for breakfast and thought it was top-notch.  Great selection of breakfast favorites like pancakes, eggs, omelettes, muffins, etc., but also some things that are harder to find.  For instance, my wife had the croque monsieur and loved it.\n\nThe location is right next to the light rail stop and the inside has been redone completely.  It looks nothing like the coffee shop that last inhabited the space (and that is definitely a good thing).  \n\nFlavored iced teas are good, as is the orange juice.  I'm really looking forward to going back for lunch, as the sandwiches sound like they'll be as great as the breakfast was.  Give this place a try!
One of my favorite places to stay when I am in town.  I have never been disappointed with anything here.  Steve Wynn definitely knows what people desire in a resort.
I have to say, the Sweets at this place are out of the World, and the Staff and Owner Eva are so wonderful.\n\nI am in here almost every other day, and I Love it!\n\nThey are so delicious and they are so creative with the creations.\n\nI recommend this to everyone who loves sweets or wedding cakes.\n\nGreat Stuff !!
Barbacoa is the way to go. Have it in tacos, burritos, tostadas, quesadillas, enchiladas or a salad. Whatever it is, barbacoa should be the choice. The fact that it is noted for winning awards initially caught my interest, but after tasting it I cannot stop ordering just this protein.\n\nThis location is the busiest out of all the them. Every time I come, I am left waiting in line for 10-15 minutes. The employees manning the line are quick and efficient, but there is only so much a person can do while waiting for grill room to free up.\n\nRegardless of minor inconveniences, I do enjoy their food from time to time.
After a day of gambling, I had some extra money, thanks vegas, and I really wanted a good steak.  We were not dressed up, but I check with the hostess and they were totally cool t-shirts.  The service was amazing.  No one judged us because we weren't dress up.  The steaks were the highest quality and perfectly cooked. All the severs were so cool.  Totally worth the money!
Great Dinner ... very good food !!!
Went here out of convince (shopping in the area and starving)  we had the teriyaki bowls and were very pleased .. Nice clean cut chicken (we upgraded to white meat) just enough sauce to where it didn't make the rice soggy , fresh rice (kinda sticky , just how I like) next time I'll try the same thing with veggies though. To top it off , The lady working was very friendly :) we will def be back!
From start to finish our experience at PF Changs was amazing. We were seated as soon as we walked up, our drink order was taken and received within five minutes and our food arrived shortly after we ordered it.\n\nThe waitress was amazing, she was attentive and checked on us often during our meal, never letting our glass go empty.\n\nThe food was excellent, and the portions were big enough we even had some leftover for a late night snack!
Happened to be in Ceasar's and figured if there was any place to stop by and grab lunch, it'd be at Mesa and sure enough it didn't disappoint. I had the highly recommended spiced pork tenderloin sandwich which was superb.
Took my daughter there today as it was my birthday and you get a free medium sub. One word. WOW. That was probable one of the best meals I have had in a while, and the best sub I've had since we moved here 10 years ago. \n  Also met the owner who was very pleasant and the entire place was VERY clean, a nice change from some other establishments who don't seem to care.\n  I will definetly come again and recommend to my friends.
Best hot dog in the Valley! They charbroil your dog right in front of you, offer a variety of fresh condiments, and consistently have good crispy fries.
FABO I love you. There's so much eclectic stuff to peruse here! Grab a delicious Fabochino($1 off with your yelp check in!) or a Mojito infused iced tea and wander around to check out the local artist's works.\n\nThey have beer and wine available as well. I've never seena  coffee shop stocking those items! The only thing I'd like them to improve on is that some of the snacks they stock can get a bit dry, and since the bakery is just down the street it shouldn't really be a problem.
Honest company only place I trust in Vegas!
Great little place for a Barros Lucos, the bread is uniquely sweet and the fillings which include steak, avocado, and cheese is just perfect.  Among the other must try items are their caramel dessert (everything is made in house) or their special of the day like todays fried fish with rice.  The people who own it are super friendly and while it's a no fills whole in the wall, your sure to find something you will love.
This was supposed to be my Holy Grail of food experiences. I had heard nothing but great things about \u00e9, I just had to find someone to go with that would be just as excited as I was to try it. Luckily, I found two people! We made our reservations 2 months in advance, knowing that there was 3 in our party, and they only seat 8 at a time, we thought it would be difficult since we had an odd number in our party. \n\nFinallly, the night came, I really couldn't contain my excitement for what was about to happen. We were led passed the bar area into another room. It was very quaint, dark and had a Spanish vibe to it. We were introduced to the culinary team. Cody, the sous chef was really good at explaining what dishes they were plating, and what we could expect when tasting the food. \n\nOut of the 20 tastings, a couple really stood out for me, #1 Lobster with Citrus & Jasmin, #2 Secreto Iberico Pork with Squid. My favorite dessert was the Pan con Chocolate. Two of my least favorites were the Foie Gras and the Fabes con Jam\u00f3n, both were so salty I didn't finish either one. \n\nWe all chose to do the wine pairing, which actually had beer and cocktails in the pairing. The alcohol was fantastic, although they were a little skimpy on the pours. Towards the end of the evening, we all felt they were rushing us a bit. There was a couple that showed up 20+ minutes late for dinner, so we thought maybe they were trying to make up for that time, but not cool to punish the rest of us. \n\nReason for my 4 star rating? Everything was good, but it definitely wasn't mind blowing. Dinner, wine pairing and tax and service charge came to $416 a person. It just didn't match up. I didn't think what I had was worth it. Like I said, I didn't leave mind blown. I def wouldn't recommend someone trying this as their first tasting.
Saturday night when i left LIGHT nightclub it was about 4am and i was starving! i walked out about 2 steps and walked directly into what looked like heaven... it wasn't but it was citizens. 24/7 whatever you can think of. i love these types of places because you can always get what your craving at the right hour. i got a burger and fries that hit the spot. i will be back again for sure maybe for a normal time dinner!!
GREAT sushi place! Have passed here multiple times but never tried until my most recent trip to Scottsdale due to a recommendation of a client.  The waitress was super helpful in helping me pick something a little of the box but still comfortable with. Ended up with a caterpillar roll which I highly recommend if you like avocado! Tried a few other rolls as well with my table and some specialty cocktails.  Sat on the patio, which was loud at times since it is on a busy road, but a great place to do happy hour, and a seek out next time I am in town!
What is there left to possibly say about Paradise Juice than I LOVE them. Week after week I have continued to travel 3 miles for lunch just to get some of my favorite blended juices.  I always get The Antioxidant/ add protein  and a shot of wheat grass....as a Doctor of Chiropractic my job is very physically demanding and this lunch smoothie keeps me full for over five hours.  Since I have started visiting them for lunch I have lost over 5 lbs!  \nIt is also family owned and the manager knows your face every time you walk in.  I believe this kind of service has sometimes been lost in the big city of Scottsdale and to find this little paradise is a treat.  \nDon't hesitate to go visit my friends here and enjoy EVERYTHING on the menu...you won't regret it :)
Really pleased with my facial treatment , Elenir is a great technician, defenitelly going back and will Try the laser hair removal. I felt I was in good hands!! Thank you Silk skin.
I was on a time crunch to get my carpets cleaned before a final walk through on a rental I was moving out of. Aardvark was at my property at 8am the next day after I called. They offered a groupon discount before I even asked and the carpets look amazing. They are white and I honestly never thought they would get the high traffic wear and stains out. But thanks to aardvark they look brand new! I'll definitely be calling them again.
I want to discuss the excellence of the food here, but first the bread alone is worth mentioning:\n\nThink of the best bread you can buy at a regular grocery store, even from their bakery.  Now imagine a bread that is much better, a solid 5 or 6 times better, and you have the Wildflower Bakery bread.  They offer a variety of artisan styles, and they will slice the loaves for you.  I say loaves, because you should buy at least two.\n\nNow on to the menu:\n\nThis is a breakfast and lunch place.  All of the items that come with bread are, you guessed it, made with the wonderful bread  mentioned above.  All of the sandwiches are outstanding.  A few that stick out to me are:\n\nBLT sandwich\n\nSweet potato sandwich\n\nBeef Brisket sandwich\n\n\nAll of the breakfasts are healthy, tasty, and leave you feeling energized.  I wish Harlow's in Tempe had this type of food. Wildflower is delicious, fresh, and healthy.\n\nYou order at the counter, and the food is brought to your table.  It always seems like you won't get a table when they are busy, but as if by the use of magic, we always get a table well before our food is ready.\n\nI have never had a bad experience, and the consistency of what they offer is astounding.  It impresses me when a company can be so good, so often.
After my appalling experience with Prestige Cleaners (their prices are ridiculous - see previous review); I was on a mission to find a decent place to take my dry cleaning that wouldn't wipe out my entire bank account.\n\nThanks to Brian S, I found Monte Carlo Cleaners!  It's the $1.99 Cleaners in the Scottsdale Promenade (right by Fox Sports Grill next to Verizon and the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf).\n\nIt's kind of annoying that they accept only cash or debit cards (and it may be a 50 cent charge to use debit), and you do have to pay in advance when you drop your clothing off, but for the amount of money you save long-term, it's worth it!\n\nI had ten items dry cleaned for $19.90 + another three items for $5.97 = 13 items for a grand total of $25.87!  Such a deal... and they did a good job from what I can tell so far.  Extra bonus - the guys working there were extremely personable when I came to pick up my stuff!\n\nJust as I'm getting ready to move to Old Town... I found a great dry cleaners!  Typical... Thanks Monte Carlo!
I thought this place was a really good place to stay at. No one stays in their hotel room when they're in Vegas anyways. \n\nWe rented 3 rooms and it was cool because 2 of them were connected by a door so it was almost like 1 big room. The rooms were a decent size and 2 full sized beds - 6 people fit reasonable comfortable in a room. They had a TV and an ironing board. Good size bathroom. Lot of counterspace for makeup and hair supplies. One complaint though. I was in the middle of a shower and the water suddenly went super cold! What is that all about?\n\nI like how they spit the elevators so that if you were on the top floors, you don't have to stop at all the lower one before reaching yours. We had a really good view of the strip and it was walking distance to a lot of the places we went to. \n\nOverall, I would stay here again!
Love the potatoes!
Metro has great pizza (served piping hot on silver stands) and solidly decent calzones and pasta.\n\nThe best part about Metro is the atmosphere: The tables are covered in white butcher paper and each table is given a pile of crayons.  While this may be a ploy to distract customers from the hungry anxiety of waiting for their order (you can't watch steaming pizzas carried through the restaurant - past your table - while you're occupied with tic-tac-toe), the wait hasn't been unbearably long in my experience.\n\nThey also have theme nights, like 70's/Woodstock and Hawaiian.  I seem to remember something about dressing up and getting some sort of discount.  This is great place for a lively group outing.  (The Flamingo/Decatur location is slightly more intimate).\n\nIn sum: A casual, fun place with good pizza.
I'll keep it short and sweet! Great thin crust pizza, delish sangria, and cool atmosphere. \n\nService was decent.. took awhile to get drinks, and for him to check in on us, but maybe he was new! :) \n\nI would recommend it for sure! :) Cute casual date night spot too!
My wife and I stopped by to grab a bite to eat, with so many places we were worried about picking a good one. We are glad we picked this place. We showed up a little before the dinner rush, so we were seated quickly. The waiter suggested we try a couple of the apps to share. We tried the chicken street taco(so good), empanadas(the wife loved these), and the pork sopes(we both liked these). I tried the Buenos Dias drink, good drink to start the night off with.   \nI am not sure why all the negative reviews, it looks like they are from about a month ago, so maybe they had a staff change and are back running better. We had a  great time and would go back again. The prices are a little high but it's vegas, eat drink and be happy!
I've stayed here several times in the years since it's opened.\n\nMost recently my husband and I decided on an impromptu stay after having breakfast at the Saddle Ranch that's a walk away at Westgate.  They currently are running a promotion for $89 a night plus taxes.  I think the whole stay was about $101.  Everything is always clean.  The staff is awesome, and the rooms have always been up to par.  When we stayed in June last year, we were upgraded to a suite for free.  We're always satisfied when staying here, and always miss it when we go home.\n\nThe pooool is amazing as well!
Excellent, full service dry cleaning & alterations  Have been using them for the past six years and have nothing but accolades for them.  If you live in the Stallings area, you should be using them.
Not a whole lot to say just YUM!\nMy co-worker ordered some for work and i missed out because i was busy... he had promised me some earlier but couldnt save any\n\nthe next day we went together and he ordered a large. he had the girl split it into 2 boxes so i could take some home. it took a bit of a wait but i was very impressed, the garlic bread was awesome too very soft\n\nhours later the pizza was still good cold! im def going back to get the full experience for myself but their food alone has earned them more business
This place not only rents bikes out to tourists, but they also do repairs!\n\nMy boyfriend and I had a great experience here,.  After a not-so-swell experience at Cycle Technique we took our bikes for a ride down the Lachine Canal to the Old Port, only to find my boyfriend's back tire was flat (it had just been \""changed\"" during a \""tune-up\"" at Cycle Technique).  Luckily, we were right outside of a Ca Roule.  We brought it in and within 20 minutes the tire had been removed and tiny metal spokes that were stuck in the rim had been pulled out one by one, and the old tube was replaced.  The charge?  $13 for service and $10 for the new tube.\n\nA+ for us.
Aeropress of the day is excellent coffee.  This is really high quality stuff.  If you require cream and sugar, skip Pourquoi Pas; the subtleties of good coffee will be lost.  \n\nNice little shop, friendly staff, decent prices. A few people have said the best coffee ever, and while I don't agree, it is quite good.
i painfully missed san francisco for months, but then trader joe's moved in. i LOVE this store. honestly, what would i do without it besides spend far more on restaurant food that sometimes really doesn't taste as good. or spending even MORE at whole foods than i would going out. while some stuff here is just weird and doesn't offer more than novelty appeal, the vast majority offers incredible taste, convenience, and value. now if they could just sell wine...
The owner was really friendly and explained a lot of the menu since it was my first time. The chicken shawarma was delicious with quality chicken (no fatty chunks or hard pieces) and a very light curry flavor. The pitas are homemade and DEFINITELY worth the $2-3 for 6 extra pitas. They're pillowy and light and taste how pitas should, not like from the grocery store. They also have what I think is a homemade hot sauce and it's actually spicier than anything I've had at other restaurants. The tzaziki sauce is also really good. And they gave me and my sister these amazing dessert samples while we waited for our take-out order! One looked like cornbread, but tasted like honey with cornmeal in it (sounds weird, but it was really good), and the other looked like a miniature cinnamon roll but also had a very interesting, light texture. I definitely recommend this place.
This was my very first experience of Indian cuisine and afterward I was hooked. This is a pretty small restaurant tucked away on a side street behind Conestoga Mall, so you can very easily pass by without knowing its there. It doesn't look like anything fancy, but what an experience this place was!\n\nI don't think I quite realized how spicy Indian food can get, but this experience certainly taught me well! What I really liked about this place is how they offer a buffet. While buffets can be very hit and miss, this one was a hit! As my first experience eating Indian food I very much appreciated being able to see what I was eating before I ate it. \n\nI left this place very excited about my experience and eager to tell my friends and family about it! It was not too long after that I was back with some family and friends for a birthday celebration. There were about 10 of us in our group that they were able to accommodate, though we made sure to get a reservation because of the small scale size of the restaurant. Another stand-out dining experience. \n\nI look forward to going back to Waterloo and returning to this place for another delicious meal!
Although it may be one of the cheaper tickets in Las Vegas, the V-Show will still blow you away. I'm gonna make this short and sweet...  All the performers are extremely talented in there own right. Personally I can do with out Melinda the magician but even she knows what she is doing. But above all else there is one talent in this show that makes the price of this ticket worth it. His name is Wally Eastwood!!!  He is typically the show host and knows exactly how to captivate the audience and leaving us wanting more. If this show was just 2 hours of Wally I would leave happy. I have seen the show when Wally was not there and it was just not the same. Although the rest of the crew are still worth the ticket price Wally makes you leave feeling like you didn't pay enough for the show!  Hats off to all performers but don't ever lose Wally, David Saxe!
New owners within the last few months have brought this place back to a top hot spot for me. The owner is very nice and up forth with his future plans for the establishment. Currently updated is the paint, carpet, small reorganization of the under 1 area, and additional slide to the \""jail\"" area. He has plans to renovate the other half of the building including the cafe. \n\nMy little one loves it here. We enjoyed bringing our lunch in and playing afterwards. The rate has stayed consistant at 9$ and memberships or packages are still avaliable!
Their workouts vary from hard (bootcamp) to easy (candle light yoga) and what you make out of your workouts. I am pretty active and workout 4-5 days a week ad look for good intensity workouts as well as some weights. The bootcamp, kettle bells, and Pilates class kick your b***. Plus, there are a variety of instructors so workouts are never the same.\nI really like this gym/studio. Memberships after the promo period are a little pricey but I am strongly considering it.
Love, Love, Love Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf!!! The staff at the Cave Creek store is soooo friendly and awesome! Their drinks are reasonable and delicious in comparison to Star Bucks! I do my best to stick with Coffee Bean because I feel the quality is better!
Good times with friends here on Friday night. I enjoyed the live music, and the dark pub-like atmosphere. The patio was large but broiling hot (get some misters guys). The bar itself is really nice and they have a huge selection of booze. Skilled bartenders and friendly service made for a terrible hangover.
This place rocks!  Avocado Boba and Mango Boba are perfect.  Boba is also cooked perfect everytime... soft and chewy and slightly firm in the middle.  \n\nThe food is good too.  Had the Pho and Sweet Pork sandwich.  Both tasty.  The place is very affordable and you get delicious boba and food.  \n\nDon't pass this place up!
Never been such a swift. One bus from the airport to one location... And this one location has everything built into the building. All the car rentals are all located int he same place. Easy to get around and lots of cars. Pretty close to the airport and stuff. Not bad at all.
I don't even like cake, but, the best dessert I have ever had is the Burnt Almond Torte from Prantl's! It is so delicious, nothing compares!
I have never had less than great service here. They are friendly, fast and accurate. I will say that there have been a few times when I couldn't understand what they were trying to say, especially at the drive thru- but as a whole, I have no complaints....well, except when I ask for ice tea and they omit the ice...but just means more tea for me. I love their iced tea...
My experience here has been nothing but pleasant. Keep in mind that this is a chain, not a mom and pop shop, but the food exceeds chain quality and beats out Olive Garden by a thousand miles. \n\nThe complimentary peasant bread is to-die-for. Crusty, soft, warm with rosemary. \nI'm usually quite satiated by the time my ordered food arrives. \n\nI will keep on coming back for the Penne Rustica. \nI love anything rosemary-the dish has a rosemary cream sauce w/ salty delicious prosciutto, chicken and shrimp. This dish doesn't tase like something that comes from a chain. \n\nMake sure to get some tiramisu to finish off. Bon apetit \n\nPs. There is a gluten free menu and they have a create your own pasta if none on the menu appeals to you.
Our first time. After hearing the commercials we had to give this place a try. It had cloth napkins and tablecloths, cozy lighting, a love of Italy and America is their main decor. Nice staff, good with drink refills and time between courses. Great Cesar salad, delicious lasagna, perfect ravioli. And the bread... Oy, the bread. Whenever we're in town this will be high on the list.
Hands down, favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh and probably favorite Taiwanese restaurant ever!\n\nI love almost every single dish they have on the dinner menu.  I would stay away from the fried rice and fried noodles, etc though.\n\nThe intestine dish is perfectly spiced, perfectly flavored and perfect for a cold night.  Their three cup chicken is unmatched anywhere else! \n\nEven their milk tea is fantastic!  Perfect blend of milk and tea flavor with tasty sweet chewy tapioca balls.  \n\nThe wait is pretty bad since so many people know how fantastic of a restaurant this is so come prepared or come during off peak hours.  The place is small too so I wouldn't come in too big of a group unless you want to wait even longer. \n\n\nSigh, Rose Tea, how I miss thee...
I'd rate this joint 10 million stars if I could. Best ice cream in PGH!!! They serve sundaes, milkshakes, and the old school cherry dip cones. Cool historic photos adorn the building in the back, showing how the intersection/ area looked about 100 years ago. I love Page Dairy Mart so much I want to marry it.
After today's visit I have decided to upgrade my original review from 4 stars to 5. So today, during my weekly \""pretzel run\"", I purchased a coconut macaroon at the insistence of the lady who runs the shop. She swore it was her favorite thing there and it was just like her father used to make; I mean, who can argue with that? \n\nHOLY BALLS! After just one bite I actually contemplated flipping a bitch in dead stopped traffic and running everyone over at the bus stop just to get another one! First off, this thing is GYNORMOUS! Second, it's totally schizophrenic and I REALLY like that. It's almost as if the macaroon couldn't decide whether it was a cookie or a candy bar so it essentially transmogrified into something of both. It's crispy, chewy, sweet, buttery, chocolatey, and coconutty. If euphoria could come in a spherical yet pointy package, it would be this magnificently decadent macaroon!
Fine, I'm adding a star back.  Table service FTW.\n\nWe were here for a massive birthday/going away party.  We rolled 20+ deep.  There is no way all the guys are getting in without a table.  And we wanted to party in style.\n\nSo, we got a table.  Right at the pool.  Some in the pool.  It was amazing.  We felt super VIP.\n\nDancing in the pool with our shoes off was the highlight of the night.\n\nOrdering extra bottles at $600 a pop, not so much.\n\nHaving random strangers make out at our table and then yell at us?  Lowlight.\n\nBut table service brings all the beezies to the yard ;)
I've been coming here for over 10 years and this is a great sandwich place in Montreal and has been consistently so for as long as I've been coming here. \n\nFor years I stuck with just getting the Killer Tomato sandwich  (cream cheese and sun-dried tomatoes) but have ventured over to the Northern Lights (cream cheese, olives, and roasted pecans) and the Pepper Island (pesto, cream cheese, and jalapeno jelly) in more recent years.  All are delicious but keep in mind you have to be a fan of cream cheese to fully appreciate their greatness (some friends have complained that there is too much for their liking). They also have great milkshakes and coffee.   \n\nGreat place to hang out on the patio in the summer or warm up in the winter. Very casual for doing work or just reading a book.
Their coffee selection is awesome!  So many screamers to choose from. You can do hot or iced coffee. They also have frozen cappuccino too.
It's never as good as when Mom makes it, but this buffet comes close. I like the fried bangoose and the mung beans with greens.
Wow, I went here for the first time today without checking reviews. Thank god I didn't because I would have missed out on a great meal. Maybe they are better when its slow. Anyways, here's my take:\n\nService - Very good, our waiter checked up on us twice, brought food and drinks all within 30 minutes. Food was hot, drinks were cold, 9.5/10 because it was very slow so no excuses.\n\nFood/Drink Quality: Once again very good. I had the quesadilla cancun and the filling was as hot as a fajita when I dug in. Margaritas were also decent, not as strong as I like but it was only 4pm so it's ok. My only complaint was the veggies were a tad cold. Otherwise 9/10.\n\nPrice - It was $40 for two meals and two drinks including tip, for the quality and portion it was a decent price. Could have had a larger portion of sides, so Id give it a 8/10.\n\nExperience - Very light crowd at 4pm, Im sure it picks up after 6. Very colorful restaurant with nice decor and pretty cool carved tabletops and booths, although a little cramped in the booth it was a nice looking mexican restaurant. 8/10.\n\nOverall - 34.5/40 - Thank god the reviews below are no longer the case, it was a very good meal and I will be back. Maybe they had a change of management? I would reccommend this place.
Ermahgah...this burger was just yummy. Amazing to see your burger made from real beef. Cooked and seasoned right there in front of you. Novel idea eh? \n\nAll the toppings were fresh and delicious. My little people get  hot dogs and they were crazy yummy too. If they eat their dogs they get shakes and that is where the magic is. Sadly dairy hurts my tummy but I did try a few little sips and the shakes are made from real ice cream and make my three little boys chirp with happiness all the way home!
This little secret is tucked away at the end of a busy street just off Sherbrooke. If you have ever been to the Paperchase stores in London you will love this great stationary shop. It's about time Montreal had a alternative from Essence du Papier which has gone a bit stale in the last few years.\n\nI love the window displays (airline food carts the last time I was there) and they have a very wide selection of notebooks, gadgets, Manhattan Portage bags (very reasonably priced), loose paper, notebooks from all over the world, pens etc. \n\nAnother great thing is the staff leave you alone (very European) and don't pester you as soon as you walk in the door. I could really spend a fortune in this store and whenever I need fresh smelling jotters, pads and  notepads this store is first on my list.
Marc Simon immediately grasped a very complicated situation and ran with it. He was easy to talk to and provided practical advice above and beyond the legal issues.
Meg is a true healer. I have experienced more pain relief and increased range of motion from these few months with Meg than I have from years physical therapy, injections, and medications. Meg has my highest recommendation.
Reminiscent of a traditional Irish pub. Food was excellent, staff was kind & courteous and the place warm and inviting. We had salmon (tender and moist), Irish stew (thick and flavorful) and Guinness and Harp - both on draught. Great whiskey selection as well. Music in the evenings a plus.
this place was good i got a espresso ice cream, i had this earlier in the summer so i don't remember my experience too well (sorry). But i do remember they can have parties there because a group of girls who were there for their friends bday party went to the backroom, where i am sure they had an icecream bonanza. Good choices.
I had the veal flank steak here and it is one of the best I've ever had. Got recommended to come here and it was worth it.\n\nFood: 4/5, juicy veal with great sauce. The duck confit was very good as well.\n\nService: 3.5/5, a little slow but very nice stuff that is attentive\n\nAmbience: 4/5, cool decor and very fun atmosphere for dinner.\n\nPrice: 3/5, a little pricy $30/person
My husbands and I favorite place for lunch hands down. Pizza is delicious:) . They have a great selection of beers and wine. We also enjoy there salad our fav is the romana salad with the pine nuts and goat cheese yum !!
My experience at Chandler Subaru Superstore was outstanding. I first received a quote through a painless and informative email exchange with Scott Jenkins. Upon arriving at the dealership, the Forester that my husband and I intended to purchase was ready for a test drive. Upon spotting an Outback that caught my husband's eye, Scott took my husband on a test drive and gave us a great on the spot quote that was extremely competitive based on other dealers' pricing. Additionally, both the quote I had received through email and the one we received for the Outback on the spot were out the door prices that included EVERYTHING. There were no surprises and no pressure to add anything additional.  Scott was patient and informative as we decided on a lease term and thoroughly answered all of our questions. The financing and paperwork were a breeze with Pierre where we again were not pressured to add on anything we weren't comfortable with. Our interaction with the sales department at this dealership was the best that I have experienced at a dealership and we wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to a friend or to come back for a future purchase. Thank you!
...so why review this....hmmmm...its right down the street from where I live and when I or one of my friends has a cold or the flu I come here for the fresh Chicken Noodle soup which they sell at a great price...and...their other food is decent if you want to munch on something while you figure out what to bet on as the sports book is right there as well...did I mention the Chicken Noodle soup....yummmmm
Alright. My last review was written with a bit of venom but I really was disappointed and I think anyone can understand that with being denied food three occasions. \n\nI appreciated the apology from someone at Bosa and I've heard so much good things that I still was interested in the food....but I wasn't going to drive down again to try to eat like I stated before. BF and I had time to kill between my optometrist appointment and my and were a bit hungry. Grabbed the #9 combo broken rice with shrimp cake, grilled shrimp skewer, shredded pork, baked egg and bbq pork. I added also some of the viet egg rolls ($1.50 for each add). \n\nEverything was tasty. Flavors were on point and were very simple, fresh and clean. Shrimp cake was crisp otside and juicy inside, baked egg is normally very dry at places but this was soft and fresh, shrimp had good char and flavor, pork had lovely light flavors, and eggrolls were pretty great. I love broken rice. That is prime comfort food to an Asian like me.\n\nI thought it would be a long time til I would be in the neighborhood with nothing else to do. I didn't tell the server I'm a Yelper or mention that they wrote to me...I didn't want it to affect service or food quality to be jazzed up a notch from their regular performance to get a good review. I didn't want to take their offer in their apology for a free plate  because I do believe in keeping the integrity of my review. Wanted to be just like any other customer and not be thought to be \""bought out\"" for a positive rating because I got a free meal. I know, we're on just a review site, but I have some standards. I like to be honest.\n\nTrue, amended review. The food spoke for itself.
I had been meaning to try out Cafe Zupas but never had the chance to but last night, I was lucky enough to come here with my family for dinner. \n\nThey have a menu filled with sandwiches, salads, and soups. The best part about them? $7.99 combos. You get your choice of two items -- full sandwich, half salad, half soup. So we all went for a combo. \n\nI personally got the Honey Bacon Club panini, which had turkey, ham, smoked bacon, tomatoes, muenster cheese, and house-made honey mustard spread. Now, I've never been a huge salad person but they had so many different types of fruity salads. I just had to go for half of their Summer Chicken salad, which had chicken, fresh strawberries, cashews, dried cranberries, & grapes on a bed of mixed greens with house-made fresh strawberry vinaigrette dressing. Along with your full orders, you get bread and a chocolate covered strawberry. \n\nTheir sandwich? Not really all that memorable. It was quite thin. Don't get me wrong ... it was good but it wasn't great. I could've honestly just passed it up because their salad just out shined it by a few thousand miles.\n\nI love strawberries so at the first bite of this summer chicken salad, I was in heaven. Why? Their strawberry vinaigrette dressing is to DIE FOR. It's amazing ..and the cashews add a nice touch of flavor into it as well. My goodness. I don't think I've had such an amazing salad elsewhere before. \n\nI think I just found my favorite place. This place would be PERFECT for summer. I'm just craving their salads right now and will be coming back soon! VERY SOON! I can't wait to try all of their fruity salads!!
I love this place ! The atmosphere and the food ! The honey toast is amazing with the sprinkle of cinnamon powder ! I got my drink customized so I got a white chocolate mocha frappe! Yumm ! Fianc\u00e9 got the mocha frappe and we got the cutest little stamp card !!! will definitely return !
Excellen authentic Mexican food and the most friendly people ever!
Amazing food, The Mahi Mahi is the best I have had on the Mainland, paired with the roasted potatos and salad what a great dish.
My boyfriend and I visited The District during restaurant week and were quite pleased by our experience! The food was very yummy, I had pork tenderloin with applesauce & mac n cheese- sounds simple, but oh-so-yummy when done creatively! My man had the short rib, which was also delish, and quite a large serving. Dessert was also delicious, we had the lemon cheesecake and the s'mores- delightful! Then they brought us cotton candy with the check! Fun little surprise to end your meal! The waiter said it was because @ their grand opening they had cotton candy and people were disappointed when they took it away, so now it was his privilege to deliver cotton candy with every check! The wine that came with the AZ restaurant week menu was also quite good, and the overall decor of the restaurant was lovely and modern. Overall, great experience! I'd probably go back!
Belle microbrasserie avec de la bouffe 4 \u00e9toiles!!! Enfin car c'est plutot rare...\n\nJ'y ai d\u00e9j\u00e0 mang\u00e9 une joue de veau assez fabuleuse. Pas donn\u00e9 meme le midi mais bon.. C'est bon! Portions l\u00e9g\u00e8re....
I've been here twice and I can assure you it will not be my last time. Had lunch today and it was yummy and the service was particularly nice. I got the gyro and lentil soup and the fiance got the chicken shawarma, lentil soup, and a side salad (the Fattoosh salad). It was all really good but I think the chicken shawarma was the winner. The lentil soup is also amazing with a bit of squeezed lemon and pepper. I could eat it all day long. Also, the prices can't be beat. Super duper deal.
We chose this spot to celebrate our 2nd anniversary on New Year's Eve.  The festive decor was beautiful. As a local, I always enjoy peeking at the display of oyster shells on the vestibule walls. These have been signed by celebrity guests and patrons from far and wide.\n\nWe started with some delicious oyster shooters (oyster, vodka, lime, coriander, tabasco), along with a tasty green salad and two cooked oysters. I enjoyed the Tha\u00ef shrimp for my main course, and my partner had a beautiful and generous serving of moules frites. \n\nThe service was good, although a bit rushed and terse at times. Regardless, we'll definitely return soon to take advantage of the 5 \u00e0 Hu\u00eetres special!
First time to try Wildfish. Very happy we did. Everything was excellent from the crab cake appetizer through the great entrees and finally the perfectly created sophisticated individually baked blackberry pie. Price is very reasonable give the outstanding quality. Went early 6pm to beat the crowd. Worked well. Reservations recommended
Really helpful staff. They have a huge variety of harnesses and collars. We got some treats for our little guy that they bake themselves at the store. They also have really cute dog related decorations for the home. Definitely suggest bringing your dog so that you get the right size harness and collar!
Ho, brah...heard dis place was da kine, went here wikiwiki at pau hana time....Finding ono grinds in Arizona is tough, yeah. Evens do, Arizona has choke local people. Whadda gives, you say brah? Do local people stop liking Hawai'ian food when dey come to da mainland? Ho don't look at me, brah, I'll nevah forget my first time grinding at Rainbows, washing down my plate lunch with a slush float...but anywayz....\n\nAloha Kitchen ain't Rainbows brah. It hints at da Islands with a linoleum floor and basic tables and chairs. (Dis assumes brah you come on a day other than Mondays, when da Kitchen is pau.) But as you walk around don't expect to see like shave ice, or spam musubi, or some guy with a wet okole.  Still, it's casual and relaxed and usually not loud n crazy.\n\nNot that I know fo sure brah. I always get da kalbi to go, and don't stick around der long. So you says to youzeself, brah, dis fella order one thing on da menu and he's gonna tell me how dis place broke da mouth? Brah, fo reals. Da proof is in da mac salad, scoops of rice, youze name it. Go to a chain like L&L or Ono....you see what I mean, bumbye. \n\nAloha Kitchen is strictly a counter place. Da grinds may come with a touch of ohana...but don't expect anyone to serve you. You order, you pay, an den you grind brah, An wen you done, you talk story until you're pau. Still, da girl at da counter is choke friendly, and never rude.\n\nWhuzzat youze say? Doesn't everything in Hawai'i cost more? Especially grinds? Fo sure brah...a trip to a supermarket in Hawaii can give you chicken skin. Good news is brah, da Kitchen won't do that. As of yet, nothing is over $10...but den again, is it gonna stay dat wayz fo evahs? No ways, brah, no ways. \n\nS if it is take out you crave, and you don't feel like Subwayz, or Mickey D's, den take youze opu to Aloha Kitchen, You'll be hundred of miles away from da beach, or waterfalls, or an ABC Store...But...you'll be full...an not just of aloha brah.
Don't ever expect too much when you come to an IHOP except for lots of pancake fun. It's location is tucked inside a hotel parking lot. Never very busy at the times I have gone.   Love their all you can eat pancake specials when they have them.  Last time I tried the banana caramel pancake that they had on special and it was sinfully fabulous.  \nBecause the place wasn't very packed the wait staff was not very attentive to needs. Water glasses were refilled regularly.  Also they have a problem with splitting the bill and it doesn't matter what time of day or night that it is.
Love this place only Greek restaurant that makes fresh pitta's.
This is our neighborhood sushi place.  It's the next block over from a Sushi Shop, but as long as it's open I'll always go to Sushi 111 for takeout.  They have an extensive and creative menu, with prices on par with any other sushi place.  My bf and I will often stop in and choose a couple of rolls to share, and are always satisfied with what we get.  For less than $20 the two of us can enjoy a nice lunch or light supper (they always include a couple of avocado or cucumber rolls with orders over 10$, which rounds things out well).  The only downside is that it always takes awhile to prepare, but at least that means it's fresh, no rolls that have been sitting around for us!
First things first - I'm a huge carnivore and I consider myself a meat expert. I've pretty much tried it all and love it all. The meat here was yummy but my coworker and I had some meat that was \""confusing\"".\n\nIf memory serves, I got #19. Some plate of awesomeness with beefy goodness and then some pork chop looking things on it (at least in the picture!). The waitress asked if I wanted lamb or pork, and I decided to go with the lamb based on Yelp reviews. The beefy things (kafta kabob + steak) were insanely tasty. Then came the \""lamb\"". The sad thing is I'm still confused about whether I ate lamb or pork! I know, ridiculous! So it was pale and whitish like pork, but it had the size and taste of lamb (well sort of!). I've never seen white lamb so I'm uber confused? Neither me nor my carnivorous coworker could figure it out. LOL.\n\nShe got a chicken platter thing served with those chicken lula meatballs. She found them disgusting, I found them tolerable. Definitely not something either of us would order again. \n\nAs others have mentioned, the decor is bizarre. You've got these casual tacky laminated menus, you've got decent prices but you're dining in what seems like a hotel ball room. A bit odd! \n\nOverall I'd go back, but I'd probably stick to the beef.
Sunland Auto is the only place my husband and I trust to handle the service on our vehicles. We have been taking our vehicles to Bob and his staff for over 7 years and always feel confident that they are being honest with us and that we will receive excellent service.  They explain everything very clearly and do not try and up sell unnecessary products or services. \n\nI highly recommend them for their honesty, quality of work, and their overall friendliness.
All I can say is 'food coma' and its 100% positive! Wasn't sure what to expect when I walked up to the restaurant's door but believe me the food is amazing. Serving size is larger than most for the price range so order the half sandwich if you are new to the place and go up from there. Will be returning in the future.
Best Margaritas/Mexican food in town......PERIOD!\n\nSay HI to Brando behind the bar for me....cool dude!!!
A+!!!! I had the pork carnitas.... So good. Great atmosphere and staff. Delicious food. Can't wait to go back.
A great meal.  I have never been disappointed.  The Bonzi wings are the bomb - sweet and spicey.  The Peeking duck with the salt pork belly and the cool of the cucumber was a great combination.  Never miss a chance to go.
Nice and clean! Free wifi ONLY in the lobby.\n\nThere is hard wired internet in the rooms. Gas station and restaurants close by. Clean and convenient!
Village Lanes is a great bowling experience.  This bowling center is clean, the staff is helpful, friendly, and attentive.  Recently renovated, the cleanliness of Village Lanes cannot be understated, because I am sure most people have had the dirty bowling center experience, and it can turn a fun family night into a seedy experience.  Village Lanes has a nice snack center and bar-lounge area; it could be great for birthday parties.  Cheers!
Very cute place, I went for eyelash extensions and I LOVE them!  I recommend Nicolle, she did a wonderful job and I will be going back to her.
Total fan for life.\n\nMy car battery died en route to pick up an order I placed, and it was well after Floridino's closed when AAA completed my roadside assistance. I sped over there to see if they'd still be open so I could at least apologize in person, and lo and behold, my order was still there, AND they remade it since my fiance called to update them what was going on. \n\nSuperb service, food was awesome when we finally sat down to eat. We ordered a small side salad (I think they upgraded me, another kudos),  a half dozen pepperoni pizza muffins and a calzone. The pizza rolls were buttery, just enough cheese and a great chew, and the GINORMOUS  calzone was inhaled in 1 sitting by my fiance. \n\nTake it from an angry, pizza lovin' New Yorker, this is yummy stuff with outstanding service. Support your local joints, come visit Floridino's!
This place is wonderful!\n\nThe silky/creamy texture of the shaved ice is delish! The shaved ice here is the new version where the ice is already flavored rather than the typical plain shaved ice with condense milk and toppings put over it. \n\nWhen you come here you'll see that they have blocks of flavored ice and when you order it is taken to the machine to be shaved for the order. \n\nYou can ask for samples too. It's kind of a hassle for the employees to do the samples, but they're always willing to and nice about it. \n\nI've tried the green tea and hazelnut ice. \n\nThe store hours is the best part as well! Open from 12pm-12am. \n\nThis place is a bit hidden, it's located in the same parking lot as the Starbucks on Spring Mountain. \n\nThe staff is great, but the only thing is the lack of cleanliness. Sometimes I'll come in and the tables are dirty because no one has gone to wipe them down yet.
It's pretty off the strip, so you either have to taxi or limo everywhere, or you could just eat at Sonics =P There is a go-kart place next door. It's not a bad place to stay! We stayed at a pretty baller penthouse on the top floor. It's pretty huge, the view was great. The pool is pretty chill, with a decent bar. It's quite a walk to/from the Palms casino section.
I've been jonzing for a acai bowl so I decided to give this place a whirl.  Very good!  I also got the energizing smoothie which gave me a little morning pick me up.  Those two items came to $16 - yikes...so I will be returning, just maybe not as much as I'd like to.
This vegas ramen hit the spot. It's out of the Vegas strip but definitely taste better than a lot of on the strip foods\n\nPrices are typical ramen spot prices. But this is one of my faves I have tried.\n\nWorth the drive. Some wait. Delicious
While visiting my dear friend in Scottsdale, AZ- she knows I am a shopping addict so we spent a few hours here. It's a nice mall for sure,  probably one of the largest in the area. Upscale, along with shops that regular folks can shop at. A nice food court and also sit down restaurants as well. I wouldn't hesitate to visit this mall if I were local, and if I am ever in the area again I would probably go back
I was very pleased with the teachers and friendly staff at this studio. Times are also good.
I've been a loyal member at this Massage Envy location for 2 years now, and have always had a wonderful experience. Never had a mixup in my appointments, always able to change my appointment if my originally scheduled one doesn't work out. I usually go to Tim and he's absolutely the best if you need deep pressure. He also offers ways to stretch and take care of your body in between sessions. I hope this review doesn't get him too overbooked.  Aside from the great service, I would definitely recommend this location because of all the shopping and errands you can get done after you're relaxed, or you can enjoy lunch or a movie.
I am a big fan of both the Summer Pops and Movie in the Park events here. I'm not so much of a fan of the other events (ex. Great Grapes, Bourbon, Beer & BBQ etc). In short, the park is great for picnic style festivities. It's nice to sprawl out on the blanket, enjoy the music or movie. BUT it's a nightmare for any food/drink stand up events. The space is very crowded. And it simply doesn't worth the $20-30 admission those events typically charge, only to be frustrated by the lines and the crowd.\n\nSummer Pops Tips:\n1. Summer Pops now are $10pp, $15 for the July 4th (7/3/2014 this year) event. You can buy online up until Friday afternoon, or you have 3 stations to buy from on day of. \""Gate\"" opens at 5pm, and there are going to be some crazy people who think they need to rush and cut in front of you and run to stake their spots. Try not to be the crazy person.\n2. Bring something heavy to put on the corners in case it's a windy day, but otherwise the blanket won't fly away. I managed to find some leftover bricks lying aside and a large fallen tree branch.\n3. Low chairs please. Don't be THAT person with the full size tailgate chair, because you're blocking everyone else behind you.\n4. Consider being there at 5pm to get the spot, then LEAVE. It's HOT, HOT, HOT out there. Enjoy a nice dinner nearby (you can even walk so you don't leave the prime parking spot you got). That way you can support the nearby eateries (I used to wait tables in Southpark years ago, and Sundays in June were horrible for business), stay out of the heat, and still be back in time for prelude.
Great service, beer, food & tour!   I had the 10 beer sampler.  Our waitress here, Dawn brought out a couple of additional tastes...personal favorites of hers and other staff. NICE!\n\nWe tried the basket: pretzels, beer cheese, beer battered chicken strips and honey mustard dip.  that fed two of us just fine!  Then Dawn introduced us to Dave who I believe to be a brewer.  Dave gave us a quick tour of the place and broke down some history of the establishment and the hill it sits on.\n\nHe was great.  He can read the bewilderment on your face and dumb the tour down or kick it up to geek level and answer technical questions from beer nerds or the weekend afficionado.\n\nBest PIT-stop yet on my weekend visit to Pittsburgh.
To put it simply...this place is awesome. \n\nThe artisan bread is homemade and they have the freshest ingredients.  And it's reasonably priced?! Count me in!\n\nI've stumbled (sometimes literally) here a few times and try to order something different every time but the sandwich that has my heart is the Veggie. Feta, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, red onion, roasted red peppers & their house Mediterranean dressing - YUM!\n\nIf you happen to be weird like me and put chips in your sandwiches (don't knock it 'til you try it!), they have their own Earl of Sandwich chips. The baked potato chips are my favorite. \n\nIf you are in Vegas, skip the buffet and go visit the Earl! Your taste buds and wallet will be happy!
My favorite coffee ever is served here! I've come multiple times just for a couple cups of their delicious French press. I have also had some food here and most of the dishes have impressed me. This is a crepe restaurant, but I do not love the texture of their buckwheat crepes. They do have some excellent pastries, which go really well with their coffee. \nIt's a small eatery, but I've never had issues with finding a table and their staff remains consistent and very friendly.
As a Panther's fan, and a neighbor of the stadium, I'm probably a little biased here, but I like this stadium a lot. My one and only qualm that I've noticed a few other reviewers mention is the flow of people into the stadium. It's always a cluster f#$%^k going in! They either need to minimize the pat-downs, or somehow open up a few more gates somewhere.  Other than that, the views from just about every seat are good, the food choices are good, if as usual, a little pricey.  If only the Panthers were a little better, I might have found it within myself to throw that 5th and final star on top!
New York Flavor is right around the corner from my place and I love going here.  They have the best food and the nicest service.  As many of the reviews mention, you must try the basil marscapone burger on your first visit.  It's what they are known for and is a great treat!
Had to stop in the bakery after having dinner and wasn't at all disappointed. The key lime pie was AMAZING and the gluten free Double chocolate cookie the next day was superb. \n\nI cant wait till my next visit.
This place is the best kept secret in AZ. Wonderful people doing a great job in caring for our four legged family members.\n\nI highly recommend this clinic for affordable, world class care. They even helped answer a non-spay question, which I thought was very kind and helpful.\n\nBeing a responsible pet parent doesn't have to be expensive, and thanks to the Spay Neuter Clinic, you and your beloved pet will be in great shape!\n\nBoom.
I really like this Sam's Club. Great price on gas. Great prices on groceries, gifts, and household goods. Staff is pretty friendly. Crowded parking lot, so it's hard to find a space, but that's because they're so good that people love them.
I am new to Las Vegas and my Pomeranian Sammy was in need of a grooming. Alex was just wonderful. He understood how I wanted Sammy cut and he was true to my description. Also he had a wonderful attitude with not just us but Sammy liked him also and seemed to be at ease, Prices were very reasonable too.\nI will definitely come back.
A pleasant experience all around. The gals on the phone worked around my schedule and were very accommodating. They explained all that needed to be done and definitely saved me some money too!
Pricy for dinner so if you're on a budget try the lunch. We paid $88 for dinner after tax. Husband eats quite a lot so he got his money's worth but buffets are never a good deal for someone my size. That being said, lots of variety - I love how they present all the food in individual portions. Taste was great. Dessert was beautiful but overly rich and we tried a little of everything with both of us not feeling impressed by the end. Overall good experience though.
Original review: 24AUG2010:\nLove Scott's!!! Just had the corned beef hash after my root canal...Still enjoyed it chewing on the left side...Been coming to Scott's for years!!!  Never leave hungry!!! From breakfast to lunch, the soups are fabulous and the sandwiches you can feed 2-3 people!!!
This place was delicious! Free parking in the downtown area because they have a private lot, so that was nice too. My only complaint is that the bread and rolls were cold and the service people were confused about who would be helping us at first. I got the hanger steak with fajita veggies and it was amazing! Veggies were cooked perfectly. I could have eaten a whole plate of those.
I found a groupon for this business and thought I would try it out. I have been searching for a good salon since moving here two years ago. I finally found one. McKenzie cut and styled my hair. I have fine, naturally curly hair. Usually when I have it styled it is either to flat or to puffy. McKenzie did a beautiful job. The cut was perfect as well.
This store rocks! They have EVERYTHING there. The best thing is that they always have some kind of deal going on for beer. You can get it dirt cheap. I remember for a while we were buying 12 packs of coronas in cans for $5.99. I'm telling you this is the place to be. They have cheap sodas, and they even sell hats. They have all kinds of souveneirs and everything. They even have machines if you want to stop and play a little. The thing you really can't beat is the service you get. The employees are awesome. They're funny, cool, and nice. What else could you ask for?
My daughter and I went here after seeing they participate in the Upromise dining program.  The pizza was fantastic!  So happy we found this place.  The healthy choice, cheeseless pizza with lots of veggies was delicious.  They even have gluten free crust.  My daughter had a serious cheese slice and she loved it.  And, the prices are reasonable.
The Barrymore...intimate, classic and swanky. If you want an evening of modernized Rat Pack-inflected glamour in Las Vegas, this place will deliver. You can't help but \""ooo\"" and \""ahh\"" over the decor that includes chi-chi wallpaper, deep dining booths with golden eagles on each end and a ceiling lined with golden, classic antique movie reels.\n\nAs the other reviews state, the lobster deviled eggs and the lobster mac & cheese with truffle oil are a must. I even tried what was thought to be a simple shrimp cocktail but in reality was a colossal appetizer fit for a meal.\n\nThe service is supreme and the adult libations will surely take you back to the classier times of Las Vegas.
Wisconsin Craft Market has been causing quite a stir in the Midwest knitting blogs lately and as an avid knitter, I decided to make the 2+ hour trip from my hometown of Sheboygan, Wisconsin.  \n\nI have been knitting feline apparel for the last 28 years; coats, collars, dresses, mittens, hats, and capes are just a few of the products I create and donate to cat shelters across the country. \n\nUpon entering the market, a distinguished-looking man with a beard politely directed me to the store's yarn section, aptly named the \""Wall of Cascade\"". Now, I spent my youth living in a small Idaho town located in the Cascade range, and I must tell you; the plethora of colors in Wisconsin Craft's yarn section was reminiscent of my days spent in that beautiful mountain range. \n\nWell done, Wisconsin Craft Market! I applaud you on your excellent service and effervescent yarn collection. From now on, my 3 cats and the countless homeless felines across the country will be donning yarn and buttons sold from your charming establishment. \n\nHave a blessed day,\n\nKittyKnitter17
This is the best place in town hands down ..
My car had been overheating yesterday on my drive home from work so this morning my first stop was to put some coolant in before I got on my merry way. After about 5 minutes of driving, my car shut off after exiting the freeway and I was thankfully able to start it back up and chug into Ron's parking lot. \n\nJasen, the manager, noticed me outside and asked if I needed any help and I told him what happened. He popped up the hood and said that his team would be able to take a look within an hour, so I made myself comfortable in their lobby. Not too long later one of the mechanics explained to me what was wrong, and another one took me out to my car to further explain what was happening. My car is my dad's other baby so he did some price shopping and he found a place that could get it done for cheaper, but the entire time the staff was more than friendly and I never felt that they were trying to take advantage. \n\nThey were getting a lot of traffic while I was there and by their rating, I thanked Jasen for their time and let him know I'd give them a call when I need to replace my tires. \n\nGood guys, nice shop.
I didn't know what to expect when I pulled into the parking lot.  Was it a TJs knockoff?  A  ghetto version of Whole Foods?  Or, a churched-up version of Smart & Final?  Things became clearer once I walked in.  It was actually something different (although those initial questions did have merit). Essentially, it was a new grocery store...or, new to me (at least).\n\nAisles had loads of typical grocery products, many of them private labeled.  All seemingly priced well.  Def had good prices on wines that I've never seen before (similar to TJs), and competitive prices on wines that I did know.  Staff was really friendly and helpful.  And, lastly, a lot of UK product, which homesick expats might dig on.\n\nGood place.  Will be back.
I love the Orchard.\n\nIt is one of those great pubs where you feel like you can go there for pretty much any occasion.  It's parent friendly (a point I make as I compile a list of places to take my parents when they visit in the spring), has some good beer and great cider on tap, tasty food, nice staff and great ambiance.  \n\nWe often enjoy going there in the late afternoon on Sunday when we pretend that it will always be the weekend and we don't have to work the next day.  We usually show up after they officially stop serving sandwiches but they're always happy to make them for us, which is great because man are those sandwiches tasty.   Every time we've been there the staff have been incredibly accommodating and efficient.  \n\nI'm running out of things to say because I feel like I'm just going to repeat myself over and over again, going on about how much I love this place so I'll just sum it up:\n\nI love The Orchard.
Original glazed fresh out of the oven is my fav!\n\nThis location has friendly staff and area is relatively clean. I've been here 2-3 times and all those times they were making the fresh doughnuts... so either I'm lucky or they make a new batch every hour or so. \n\nSometimes there are coupons that give buy one dozen get the second dozen free.
Grand Canyon West is a once-in-a-lifetime experience so how can you place a price on that?  It was expensive, I will admit, but worth it.  If it cost less, I would make my rating 5 stars because we truly enjoyed our day so much.\n\nSo, we decided to drive from Las Vegas.  That was great.  We decided to rent a car rather than take my friend Tommy's car.  That was the best decision we made.  The road to Grand Canyon West is not entirely paved...or at least it wasn't during our visit in 2008.  For that reason, you really wouldn't want to take your own car.  Rental cars are allowed to go, so you might as well beat up the rental ride.  Plus, you get to go across the Hoover Dam, which is another great place to stop on the way if time permits.\n\nOnce you get there, you have to pay for parking.  I think the rate was $30 per car.  From there, you can walk to the sales office to choose what tours/activities you would like to do.  They have everything from helicopter and airplane tours to Hummer tours, ATV tours and rafting trips.\n\nWe choose to take the bus tour that provides access to the Skywalk and a handful of other tour locations on the reservation.  The tickets were $30 each for the bus tour.  \n\nAt the Skywalk, we had to get tickets to go out on the glass ledge.  Those tickets were $30 each.  The Skywalk isn't as large as you might expect, but standing out on the glass and looking down into the canyon gives you a unique perspective.  I highly recommend this.  On the walkway, there are photographers to take your photo.  Cameras are not allowed.  They will try to sell you photos after you are finished, but we didn't buy any.  I recall they were $20-50, depending on the package you selected.\n\nAfter the Skywalk, we explored and ate one of the best tacos I have ever tasted.  Think taco but instead of a tortilla shell, they served it in a special flat bread.  Yum!  \n\nThe reservation is interesting and there are a number of beautiful lookouts like Guano Point.  We spent most of our day hiking around and relaxing in the sun.  \n\nIt was a full day from start to finish...I think we left The Bellagio at 8:30am and returned around 9:00pm.  Grand Canyon West has accommodations (teepees and cabins) but we opted to drive back to Vegas and gamble the night away.
Awesome steak, kinda pricey but I think its well worth it.  One of the best steaks I've had in a while. It was alittle louder with the music selection, but overall it wa a very nice dinner at a nicer restaurant in Vegas.
For the location the place was great. The family is fabulous, warm, welcoming, helpful, adorable. I didn't like the non-family waitress. She lessened the experience. The neighborhood isn't the best. But the concept and food were almost great. But ended up just good. I gave 4 stars because the family, the decor and ambiance were lovely. The food interesting and unique. Thanks for the experience and the care from the family!\n\nI found your Cafe on Yelp and picked it due to your high review scores.
Every single dish was in all dimensions phenomenal.  \n\nA true Jose Andres experience...there is so much more to each dish than the food presented.  Every flavor, essence, texture has a purpose and a story.   \n\nI loved that it wasn't a snooty experience.  The chefs were interactive and the atmosphere was very relaxed and fun.  Sure, it's a pricey affair...but when you realize how much time and effort goes into every dish, it's a great deal.   There's not one thing that goes into your mouth that makes you go...\""oh this tastes just like...\""  Everything is unique and brings you to a new place...that makes your eyes roll to the back of your head...or smile...and even laugh.  Some dishes were so fun and delicious, I just laughed.  That may have been the wine flight, though.
Absolutely loved this place! It's more like a casual cafe type of place but their food is delicious, healthy and affordable. They also have live music- yesterday was a young couple & they were good!\n\nWent in around 7:00p and was a bit crowded but we were able to get an outdoor seating immediately (on a warm day I would totally recommend the outdoor patio). \nService was quick! We ordered and within minutes the food came out.\n\nMy friend and I shared the \""build your own grazers- American prosciutto w/fig jam & Brie w/tomato jam. The jams went well with the meat & cheese, so delicious!\n\nFor my entree I ordered the half salad half sandwich- asado salad & vegetable torta. \nBoth were good! The asado salad was like a Thai peanut salad. The vegetable torta was nice & warm; the bread was soft too.\n\nFor dessert we shared the red velvet cake- absolutely amazing!!\n\nWhen we asked for the check, the waitress was able to split the check without a problem. \n\nThey also serve breakfast all day!! Who doesn't love breakfast for dinner?:)
One of my favorite coffee places. Tried the flat white the first time I went there and it was a little bitter for my taste, but the quality of the coffee is great. Their flavored lattes are amazing, and their tea is great, too. Really enjoy the atmosphere and I always go here to study or meet with groups for projects. \nFood quality is good as well. I've had the turkey sandwich on cranberry bread. The sandwich may have been a bit over priced, but it was still good.
This shop is the bomb! Finally AZ gets its own sneaker boutique. Great brands and a great staff. Shout out to Nick and Justin for holdin' it down. If you're looking for quickstrike, hyperstrike or maybe even tier 0 kicks, go to High Point. \n\nHigh Point is the only brick and mortar store in AZ where I would I even consider stepping up my shoe game and buying a fresh pair of kicks!!!\n\nThe best part about HPS are their retail pricesl!!!
Great place for authentic Mexican food. Having been the Valley for five years now and trying multiple Mexican restaurants, this place is one of the best there is. Atmosphere is very quaint and nice, and great drink selections. Tried the smoked chicken enchiladas and they were amazing. Everyone check this place out.
I heard some ad on TV a month or so ago and wanted to try it out. Glad we did. Much better than many other FF places. The burgers are great and wife's chicken strips fantastic, crunchy coating and juicy chicken inside.\nMy burger , a double with bacon, very tasty with all the right compliments. I will now search out these stores  in the future when near them  for lunch or dinner. Oh and the service was great too as the young people who brought the food out were outstanding in manners.
Ordered a small halibut burrito... CRAZY good. The fish was so tender and didnt have that nasty fishy smell. Make sure you put everything in the burrito (hold off on the jalapenos if you cant take spicy). It was a decent price, and definitely very savoury. The portions arent as ridiculously large as chipotle, and taste just as good, if not better. Chipotle is probably healthier though. But amazing burritos overall!!
Always fresh produce and their seafood section ROCKS!  The meat section usually always has what I need as well.  They have a pretty great checkout system so I've never had to wait more than 1-2 people deep.  I love this Smith's.
I like this place. Surprised it only has 3 stars.\nAll the food comes out well-executed and tasty, and the drink selection is good.\nThe only reason I can think of why it doesn't have a better Yelp rating is because it is slightly pricey for what it is?\n\nA group of 6 of us came in for 1 hour and spent about $170 on three apps and two rounds of drinks.\n\nDelicious Mac & Cheese, French fries and Slider-thingys.\nWould come back on an expense account, or with out-of-town friends on a Strip pub crawl!
Lunch today (Sunday, 10/12)  was busier than usual as more people find this place.  Major update was the burger special with peanut butter, bacon and onion twisters which should make it's permanent place on the menu in the future.  Had heard about such a combination from a burger joint in Portland, Or which is their best seller - but they should consider adding a touch of smokey bbq sauce and a few pickle slices.
So I went to watch poker at the Poker Dome downtown and I ended up sitting next to the manager of Dragonfly - An Asian Joint.  When I told her that Firefly was my favorite restaurant, she explained that Dragonfly was an asian spinoff of my dearly beloved Firefly.  I'm definitely in love with Japanese food, so I thought I'd check it out.  \n\nThe first time I went, I didn't think it was anything special.  I was most pleased with the \""Fried Shishito Peppers\""--mild peppers that are deep fried and topped with miso sauce.  The sushi rolls were average in taste, though some of the most beautiful creations I've seen.  I left feeling satisfied but not impressed.  \n\nI decided to give it another try and had an amazing experience.  It started with the \""Tuna Sliders\"".  A hunk of delightfully seasoned and moist  tuna, between two pieces of soft bread and topped with wasabi mayonnaise.  Delicious.   After I inhaled my sliders, I asked the waiter for a suggestion.  After hearing my favorites he suggested \""Banana Leaf Salmon\""...three words that would change my life.  Okay I'm being dramatic.  But when I took the first bite of that salmon I was shocked.  Layers and layers of flavor.  Tender flakes of salmon.  Painfully soft shitake mushrooms.  I'm starting to tear up just remembering it.  \n\nSo I'll admit it.  I'm in love with Dragonfly.  Equally as much as I'm in love with Firefly.  Great service, great food, and during happy hour, great prices.
I love the blta wrap with spinach tortilla! Also the chocolate dipped cheesecake is super yummy. Bonus that they told me they'd deliver food to the hospital, because the hospital food sucks! Always friendly service here too. We really like it!
I dined here a while ago for my girlfriends bachlorette party.  The atmosphere of the restaraunt is really nice.  Its located at the main level of the Mirage.  Dining here makes you feel like your eating in a tropical rainforest, GREAT ambiance!  Our server was on point, making sure we were well taken care of.  We ordered from the pre-fix menu for the appetizer i ordered the crispy shrimp with smoked pepper relish, and cilantro, the combination of this dish was amazing i wish they wouldve gave me more of this but it was only a small amount, what a tease! ...For the entree i got the filet minon and crab gratin, i seriously cleaned my plate out on this one, and for desert i ordered the milk chocolate torte which was a perfect way to top things off.  All this for 40$ from their pre fixe menu.  Good deal!
I try not to be high maintenance but I am with my nails. I bite my nails so I have to get them done often. I get pink and white and have been for years. I'll admit it, I watch very closely and nervously when I try a new place. When I went here I was a little nervous until I sat down and Henry started working on my nails. He did them exactly how I wanted them with little input from me. And fast! $35 for pink and white fill. That's a little higher than what I'm used to but not by much. This is now my go-to place!
It was a beautiful morning, slightly chilly still, but it was sunny and I had a sweater on, so I elected to dine in the patio.  I'd already perused through the menu online, and when I saw that the menu had not changed, I knew I'd have the Power Ranches organic beef burger ($14), cooked to medium (was told it would still be pink), with Bravo white cheddar, subbged with plain aioli, Nueske bacon, house made pickles on the side, with house made potato chips with blue cheese fondue.  I decided against having a glass of wine and ordered filtered iced water, instead.\n\nOther reviewers weren't kidding- this is slow food, so be prepared to wait!  If I had company, I'd definitely order an appetizer to help stave off hunger pangs- the artisanal cheese (choice of three) with fruits and nuts sounds delicious!  Will have to try this during snacktime (from 2p to 5p), where apps are slightly discounted ($2 off?).\n\nEntree arrived-  what a beauty! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LMdUoR00jPxQDWLYRq93FA?select=Y_QK_tR_PdaoNoXdHXyR4g#Y_QK_tR_PdaoNoXdHXyR4g  I immediately had to try a chip!  I did notice that the burger was was not cooked to medium- definitely not slightly reddish, not even slightly pink.  Nevertheless, it was juicy and tender, and just pure delight!  Loved the rustic bread used; the Nueske bacon (thick-cut, and such a treat...  I want to buy some to use at home- does anyone know where I may procure some?  Whole Foods?); and the farm greens and shaved red onion, as well.  \n\nWas able to check out the interior on my way to the restroom to wash hands before dining and after... Oh, so charming!  What a great place to dine at while on a retreat here.\n\nHope to visit again very soon!
Check out my blog review and photos:\n\nhttp://food-tales-and-other-fun.tumblr.com/post/24660414082/
Very friendly staff!  Ask for a \""real\"" drip coffee if you have time to wait for it.  It's def worth the 5 mins for your own personal coffee!
Soo good, and affordable.. Definitely my favorite restaurant in the city...I get shrimp cocktails and frites, and they each are very affordable for the portions you get.
Old spot, I mean REALLY old, still having that look like time stood still here since the '70s.  The decor (including the lifesized cardboard John Wayne) is super rustic.\n\nThe food is truly home-cookin'.  There's nothing fancy about it really at all but it will fill you up nice.  You kind of get the feeling like someone's mom cooked it up just for you right there.\n\nIt's decent--with a surprisingly large selection of food from burgers to Mexican to fish to breakfast available anytime.  Nice service.\n\nIf you're driving down the road, and you're looking this spot up to see if it's any good, you can rest assured from me that it's fine for you or your family.  \n\nNothing's wrong with a good, cheap bite--if you are of the same mind, you'd like this place too.
If you are not very familiar with Asian cooking, a trip to this shop might safe you an expensive air fare.  If you are not Asian, you will be in the minority in this shop, and many of the items will remain a mystery because not always do they come with an English translation.  However, if you have some experience with this type of cuisine, you'll be happy to quickly find what you need\n\nThe shop is very small but -- literally -- stuffed up to the roof with Asian foodstuffs.  However, the choice for fresh produce, meat, and fish is very small.  But what you will find here are almost all items for your pantry, like dried mushrooms, noodles, rice, various chilli pastes, and all kinds of sauces and spices.  You can also get some kitchen utensils and they have a small selection of chopsticks.  The items might be a bit pricey, but certainly not excessively so; however, being used to the price structure of Asian supermarkets abroad, I was quite surprised at what I was asked to pay for some sauces and sesame oil.  Still, much better going there than to a British supermarket chain.\n\nIt seems to be a common thing among Asian supermarkets that they only deal in cash.
I had heard good things about this restaurant lately (specifically the happy hour) so I decided to give it a try. I was very pleasantly surprised. I had the happy hour burger and onion rings and they couldn't have been better. The burger was juicy, the onion rings were crispy but not over cooked, and the thick cut bacon - holy goodness batman! I also loved the happy hour basil gimlet; so much so, I had two. Moreover, the blonde bartender (I can't remember her name) was wonderful... Fun but professional. I will be recommending this restaurant.
Wow what a view!  My friends and I were down here for a 21st birthday.  Let's just say, their one-bedroom suite was wonderful!  Our room featured a hot tub, full kitchen, and two televisions.\n\nMy only gripe had to be the roughly 1 mile (yes I measured) walk from the suite to the parking structure.  Certainly a bummer when your friends have the vallet spot and you had to park in the structure and walk.
When in Vegas, pass by this bar! Great beer choices. Too bad they dropped the preset \""4 course meals\"", now you can assemble your own \""flight\"" of 4 tasting glasses. Our waiter was great and took the time to find the perfect matches together with us.
They have bed stuff, bath stuff and beyond stuff.  I am a big fan of Tervis cups, which they have a huge variety of (with all of the accessories that go along with them) and I also like Turbie Twist towels (don't judge me) as seen on TV.  The 20% coupons that are regularly sent out definitely get me in the door and I always end up buying more than what I went in for.\n\nPots, pans, plates, towels, bedding, an enormous selection of K-Cups, lamps, small furniture.... a little bit of everything for home.  I am a fan of Bed Bath & Beyond and this is a great location.  (except for a blonde that works there - she is in a pissy mood EVERY time I am in there, but the other employees are exceptionally friendly and helpful).
I love starbucks coffee, and when I shop at Carrefour,  its a must stop for my Venti moka chip frappacino! \n\nThe location is clean, the staff is friendly, however the service seems rushed and pushy,  I rather have a good drink then something made in 30 seconds
Efficient, good quality and great prices.  Casual - counter service.  Be chicken had a tasty rub and was cooked perfectly.  Need I say more?  4 stars is really good in my book.  5 stars is reserved for the
Excellence dwells within Marigold Kitchen.\n\nYes, this place sets itself apart from other breakfast places for sure. The food shines.\nMarigolds keeps up with Madison's lovely tendency towards fresh, quality ingredients; this, coupled with the way that they put these ingredients together makes for an always wondrous breakfast experience. The flavor profiles of all of their dishes are a notch or two above your traditional breakfast fare.\n\n\nOh my goodness, the potatoes. That is, the side of breakfast potatoes that come with most meals are to-die-for. Such flavorful goodness.\n\nI so appreciated the perfectly-cooked, delicious, not greasy egg whites and the healthy size portion of bacon.\n\nNot to mention, they had such a broad array of equally delicious breads: rye, wheat, sourdough, french rosemary. Making that decision wasn't easy, let me tell ya.\n\nBUT you haven't heard anything yet until you hear about their pancakes. Don't even get me started on the pancakes. The orange butter/syrup that they serve alongside these cakes makes these the pancakes to beat. Absolute heaven on a plate. If this orange syrup doesn't sound like your cup of tea you should really still try it. It is so good. And that's coming from someone who's not too fond of adding fruity things to other aspects of a meal. Normally, I like my fruit and I like my pancakes, separate that is. But no, you simply must try this pairing.\n\nOverall, the food is great and the location is ideal. \nQuaint spot that I highly recommend to all.
The whole vibe here just feels right, I love the room we stayed in.. It was so peaceful and elegant! I highly recommend this place to everyone!
Spoke to Steve yesterday and he sent two awesome guys from his company today!  Fantastic, fantastic service - the owner of the car was quite impressed!  Will highly recommend this shop!!
LOVE the look of the building, the 5-star room (even the cheapest room they have is TOP NOTCH!) and the professionalism of the check-in staff.  However, the casino sucks. Slots are incredibly tight...blew over $4000 in their \""Slot Salon\"" section on a couple different $25 machines and got a lousy $500 payout. Pretty pathetic. Didn't see anyone hitting a jackpot anywhere actually.  Besides all that nonsense, my favorite hotel on the strip because you get treated like a king.
Very easy to work with and the pictures turned out great!
My husband and I had been trying to conceive for almost 2 years. We were fortunate to get pregnant twice, but miscarried both times. It was devastating. We were referred to Dr. Patel through our OBGYN. After working with him for just two short months, we were able to conceive for a third time and were able to keep this pregnancy. We are so excited and grateful Dr. Patel's assistance. Not only was he able to assist us in such a short period of time, but he also made the experience a very comforting one. We felt very safe with him and enjoyed working with him. I would recommend Dr. Patel to anyone.
This is seriously the nicest Kmart that I have ever been in my life so I decided that it warrants a Yelp review.  The store looked new and was fully stocked.  I don't know about you but the local Kmart  in Seattle look like crap with half empty shelves, especially the one in North Seattle off 135th and Aurora.  What sets this place apart is that it included an area that had video poker and slot machines for all you gamblers that need a fix but can't afford to get to the strip or old town Vegas.  We came in here at noon on a Wednesday to buy some pain relievers after hiking the Grand Canyon the previous day and there was seriously like 5 people in here gambling away their life savings. \n\nNow that's cool!!!!
Terrible's Primm Valley Resorts are known for their advertised food deals, but their food is not as good as Terrible's Casino Hotel Bougainvillea Cafe's.\n\nSame company, but different quality.\n\nThis place has great breakfast deals late night.  Their plates range from $3.99 to $7.99 for steak.\n\nOtherwise, go for their $9.99 1 lb. New York Steak & Draft Beer special that's only advertised on their billboard sign out front.  It's not listed in the menu, but ask your server and they'll know exactly what you're talking about.\n\nOur steak was better than expected.  It was tasty, tender and cooked to perfection.  For once, I got a cheap steak cooked medium just like I asked for.
Thank you Corey D. for reminding me to write a review! \n\nI've been here a couple of times and it is awesome. Bandung is a GREAT introduction to interesting Asian food. It is a totally friendly environment (and menu) - not intimidating at all. I am a very adventurous eater and even I was like, \""what is Indonesian food?\"" \n\nTurns out, it's delicious. \n\nI really do feel there is something for everyone here. Honest vegetarian dishes. Some spicy fun stuff if you're feeling brave. And some great standards (fried noodles anyone?). And affordable! \n\nDid I mention the \""nutty\"" drinks? Oh yeah, the \""nutty\"" stands for coconut. They were using coconut milk before it was cool! And adding booze!\n\nEat This Food!
Like it!
Here is a common scene at my house: \n\nI just worked a long day at my desk in front of my computer. I come home to read and relax and end up falling asleep until 10pm after all of the restaurants around us have already closed. I'm starving and exhausted and I don't want to cook. So what are my husband and I to do about dinner? In-N-Out seems to be the perfect solution. For under $12 we can get two grilled cheeses with grilled onions, two fries, and two extra large iced teas. And when they say extra large, they mean it. I got one of those for the first time last week because its only .40 cents more than the medium and good lord that thing was large. It took me two days to drink all of the tea in it. Occasionally when I am feeling extra unhealthy I will get a chocolate shake to dunk my crispy, hot, salty fries in. What? You think that's gross? Well, its not. You should try it sometime. Its amazing. I still have yet to try the animal style grilled cheese. I hear they exist. \n\nWe end up coming here probably once a week because its cheap and fast and I don't mind eating unhealthy once in awhile. I work out. So its all good.
For my Twenty-Ten Birthday celebration I was in search of a place that combined my favorite things... Beer, Tasty Food, and Music.  What I found was James Street Gastropub & Speakeasy, or as I call it \""My Favorite Pittsburgh Discovery.\""\n\nI've been to James St. many times, but haven't written a review because I have never been able to express how much I love this place.  From the old jazz albums used as menu covers to the HUGE beer selection... This is my happy place.  \n\nOn my first visit I selected the Meatloaf, smashed redskins, warm corn fritter, sweet creamed corn sauce.  I never tasted a meatloaf so good.  Incredibly filling but SO good.  Better than Mom's.\n\nSince then I've tried the Singin the Bleu's Burger, Twisted Chicken, Oyster Po Boy, and several other items.  I've never left dissatisfied or hungry.  \n\nAlso they have an excellent cocktails list!  For my party, a friend bought the PB&J Martini for me.  I didn't know what to expect but it was surprisingly tasty!\n\nIf you're a live music fan, check out the Speakeasy.  It has live bands all the time to go with your food and drink.  I love just sipping my beer and listening to local jazz.  \n\nJames Street combines everything I love and I look forward to going back every chance I get.
Wicked Spoon is the best buffet I have been to thus far! I would have given 4.5stars if it was an option. \n\nJust a fyi, you have to stand in line to pay and then get in line to wait for a table. It is actually a very quick wait and even if you don't pay and you just get online to wait for a table when you reach the front of the line, you can pay then. \n\nThe best thing about the buffet is everything is already per-portioned into little pots and dishes, which is SUPER clean and avoids all the mess when you are trying to scoop food onto you plates. \n\nEverything we (me and coworkers) tried was either amazing or good. The prime rib is tender and bleedy just the way I like it! \n\nThe dessert area is heaven! The different varieties of chocolate covered strawberries dipped in different nuts or cookies is amazing!!! \n\nThe only thing that was not as great was the service. The dishes were not cleared as often and the server did not come around as much as I would have liked. At one point, we only had silverware for 2 people when there was 3 of us and we should have been offered more silverware, especially between dinner and dessert. \n\nLove love love!
I've used Vegas Hot Spots twice now and both times they have exceeded my expectations. I worked with Severn and he was able to plan my club schedule exactly the way that I wanted it (Hakassan, Tao day club, and XS) with VIP entry for a fair price. This last time I went with four guys and thought it would be tough to go anywhere but it was no problem for Severn. I will definitely use Vegas Hot Spots again, and I always recommend them to my friends who are planning on going to Vegas.
Delicious coffee & Iced tea...Great, comfy coffee shop with charm! Free wifi, a couch or a plush chair to cruise the net. Love it!! Owner was present and friendly. \nTip: WATCH YOUR STEP as soon as you walk in the door!! \n\nPlease Note** Current owner does not honor the Yelp deal for the 50% off certificate.
I have been bringing my dogs to Dr. Brinkmann since my dog was blinded by another ophthalmologist here in town. Dr. B was able to save her eye from being removed  however her sight could not be restored because the damage caused by the first doctor(?) was too great. I take my dogs every 6 months to see him and his wonderful staff. Dr. B is the most experienced eye doctor for animals in Las Vegas and I recommend him highly.
Great place! Love the Katsu. Never been a fan of the apps or dessert, but always a solid choice as far as entrees go. \n\nDefinitely worth checking out if you're a katsu fan.
Our club went here for friendship games against the Las Vegas Badminton Club. Doesn't matter who won but players here are really nice. Larger gym is in the works. Kudos to the owner for promoting and loving the sport.
I'm reviewing the D Hotel mainly because of its customer service at the front desk and at reservations. I booked a room two hours before I arrived there as required by an event I thought I was applying for. Turns out, it was something more of a scam. I won't get into the details of it, but after speaking with the manager of reservations, Mary Anne, about my situation and asking to cancel the room though it was against the 48 hour cancellation, she refunded my deposit money and my credit card was not charged. It saved me from losing out on $50 if I wasn't even going to end up staying there, and saved me from a huge headache. My experience with the sketchiness of the \""event\"" didn't sting quite as much because the D hotel gave me one less thing to worry and stress about. \n\nThe staff was very friendly and helpful throughout the whole ordeal, and I would definitely consider staying there next time because of this.
I love the salsa!!!  We ventured down here a few weeks ago for dinner...unfortunately they didn't have fish tacos...but the food was fantastic! When we arrived, we looked over the decor. It was refreshing to eat in a 'free standing' location and not part of a strip mall. As we went to enter, the ladies in front of us stopped because they were doing a birthday celebration for one of the tables - if you want to embarrass the birthday person - Take them here! They do a ceremony where all the employees sing and they create a fire with sugar in a bowl. There was a wait, but it was short. I had the 'Los Dos\"" Flautas Dinner with one chicken and one shredded beef.  I thought the flautas were great. Dave had the Carnitas, and I did have a little taste and they were good too! I was also very pleased the service, very attentive and helpful. Why only four stars? They overcharged us for a flour tortilla, and once again I wish the rice and beans were better. \n\nOverall - great food with a great experience. The table next to us was eating the ribs and chili - we are definitely going back to try those!
Amazing! they really know how to cook tofu! the food is very flavorful and the restaurant decor is cool, fern  on a wall piece!
When I needed beauty products or was just in the mood to shop I would pop in here before or after Walmart to look around.  They always have good sale items and the clerks  are very nice and helpful!
My go-to place in Charlotte if I don't know where else to go!\n\nThe first appetizer on the menu, which is the rice paper meatball wraps, are pretty much a staple now whenever I go. Pho is also very good, but recently I have been ordering a lot of the grilled pork chops over rice. They even put two runny eggs over it. OMG HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. The bun, which is vermicelli noodles with a light sauce is also very good. \n\n**TIP: if you are greedy like me and can't live without the taste of pho soup without leaving a Vietnamese place, I order a side of the soup whenever I get a non-Pho entree, haha. \n\nSmoothies are very badass as well, try the strawberry or the soursop.\n\nI go there a lot though, so I've noticed the music variety doesn't seem to change. One can only listen to Kenny G-like and candle in the wind instrumentals for so long. Other than that, solid place to go
This was my first visiting a firehouse sub and I live down the street. The staff has great customer service and very welcoming. It's pretty tough to find parking when I went during lunchtime, but that's manageable. The sandwiches were good, but for the prices it should be bigger!  Definitely a place to go for a quick place to eat during lunchtime.
Good breakfast, good looking and comfortable place. Could be cheaper.  Service is prompt and usually food is pretty fast to come out. I would suggest it to my friends.
No longer BYO, which is a huge bummer.  We were very happy taking in our bottles of wine and making a good night of it, often with large groups of friends, but that is no more.  The bill of course is now much higher and the wine selection was a bit weak.
The Toucan Sam routine somehow led us to the Rusty Spur. Wandering around Old Town Scottsdale, we detected a whiff of barbecue smoke that was hard to locate. Nonetheless, we were due for a cold beer, spotted some characters smoking outside of this bar, heard the live music, and trotted on in.\n\nThe crowd was a real mixed bag which made for some great people-watching. The dictionary definition of \""Sweaty Betty\"" was cutting a rug to the country western sounds of the Psychobilly Rodeo Band. The band was infinitely entertaining and did not spare us commentary on its disdain for Kenny Chesney and other feel-good country-pop monstrosities.\n\nBest of all, our need for edible smoke was satisfied since they sell beef jerky at the bar. We chowed down on some Mesquite Black Canyon Jerky, swaggled our brewskis, tapped our feet, and soaked up the party atmosphere of this fun little cowboy bar.
A friend purchased tickets for me to see a show at the Hale Center Theater. I had not previously been to or even by the theater and didn't know what to expect. It was very small, and in entering the building I was skeptical . I though perhaps the play would be just one set, but I was incorrect. The aisles were wide enough to allow the cast to change out the sets. The small size of the theater provided a cozy atmosphere and made every seat in the house good. \n\nI would definitely go back to this theater any time. It provides a close venue to see local theater without the traffic downtown Phoenix.
I'm a big fan of RR but lately I have tasted a burger King like flavor in their burgers, yuck!
This place has an astounding collection of beer, about 30 on tap and what looked like hundreds in bottles! I had a Piraat to drink, artichoke dip appetizer, and a portabella wrap. The artichoke dip was the best I've had in a long time and the wrap was quite good, too. Everything tasted really fresh and delicious. It's nice to see a \""gastopub\"" with several reasonably healthy choices, especially ones this good!\n\nThe service was friendly and the pub itself is really nice on the inside. I was there just before dinner time, so there weren't many other customers and it's hard to say how noisy it gets, but it seems like a great neighborhood pub to me. A real local business right next to the overwhelmingly chain-oriented Waterfront. If I lived in Pittsburgh, I would come here a lot.
Alright, I'll admit I've been driving past Red Devil for a decade now and always wondering what it was all about. It was always busy, seemingly always open, and really odd looking enough that it drew my interest. \n\nAfter all these years, I finally decided to try Red Devil only because it was time I actually stopped, and I had a craving for spinach and artichoke dip. Upon walking in, it was obvious this place has been here forever. It's a relic, and it probably hasn't been remodeled since, well... ever. They still have the light up signs for hte order numbers, and the entire restaurant feels like a cave. It's reminiscent of all those old school Mexican restaurants you find scattered around town with no windows, etc. We were friendily greeted twice upon entry and seated almost instantaneously. The crowd was mixed, but one thing everyone had in common is it was almost an entirely blue collar lunch break crowd. There were some people from Honeywell, and some contractors, as well as some teachers. \n\nThe appetizer spinach and artichoke dip was very tasty... if not a bit overly greasy but with the right amount of fat, salt, and other artery clogging goodness. I ordered the lunch special small cheese pizza, and at the table was also a small white pizza. The red sauce pizza was average, with a very sweet sauce, a tough crust as if it had been made earlier in the day but overall a \""it's low quality but oh so tasty\"" kind of taste to it. The white pizza had no olive oil, no garlic, no anything outside of breat and cheese. It was cheesy bread, make no mistake. \n\nOverall, I thought the food was average if not slightly below average, but there is something about Red Devil that made me feel comfortable here and welcome. The staff was friendly, there was no sense that you were being judged... it was just a good happy experience... with sub standard but still acceptable food. I walked out the door under $30 including tip for an appetizer, two pies, and two iced teas. I felt it to be very reasonable.
I have to say that my expectations for Crafteak were very high after reading the yelp reviews and the menu. We ordered the summer tasting menu, which I probably won't do next time because I really wanted to try the short ribs. First off, the ambiance and the service is excellent. For starters we had buffalo mozzarella, quail, fennel salad and a persian cucumber salad. Everything was great except for the cucumber salad which was way too salty (we couldn't even eat it).  For the main we had the diver scallops, skirt steak, and the flatiron steak. I ate both scallops since BF doesn't like them - the first one was okay..but the second was gritty. Now, I should have sent it back I know..but I am always reluctant to do so.  So, that was a big disappointment..it ruined the flavor. The steak was very good, a lot of thyme in both marinades.  The skirt steak is a chewier cut of meat and I would never order it a la carte.  The sides were amazing!!!!!!!  The corn was so good and so was were the mushrooms and yukon gold mash. A vegetarian would be in heaven here. Seriously...I am a serious carnivore..but the corn was the best thing on the menu. \n\nThe dessert was some of the best I have ever had - blueberry cheese cake and chocolate lava cake with fresh mint ice cream. Everything was so fresh and flavorful. My BF is a cheesecake fanatic and said it was the absolute best he had every had. \n\nBasically, Craftsteak loses one star for the gritty scallop and lackluster-oversalted starters. I would definitely go back since some of the dishes were absolutely amazing as well as the service and ambiance.
This place is awesome! I love the beer centric food, and of course the beer! Get the flight and try them all. I've had the poutine, the hot wings, the burgers, the ahi tuna appetizer, the pretzel bread, and the malt! The food has never disappointed me. The burgers are hands down the best I've had in Phoenix. I'm originally from Nebraska where we take our beef very seriously, and their burgers have wowed me. They use the beer wort to make an ice cream malt that is amazing. No alcohol in it, but has a hint of beer flavor that makes it a refreshing treat. Service has always been spot on for me.
After terrifying our entire group with talks of rattlesnakes and scorpions we were sent on our way to fend for ourselves amongst the desert creatures with nothing but a bandana and a dune buggy to protect us... and it was a blast!\n\nOk, that's not entirely true. We were briefed on the dangers of rattlesnakes and scorpions, as well as shown pictures of a giant one they had found a couple weeks back, but we were not sent out on our own... we had Tom as our guide. We took the dune buggy tour through the desert as the opening event to my bachelor party week-long extravaganza and had a pretty enjoyable time. All of the people we met at Fort McDowell Adventures were extremely knowledgeable and friendly and had everyones safety as their top priority. So while he did show us pictures of a rattlesnake, I don't think anyone was worried about getting bit. \n\nThe dune buggies themselves are Tomcar Israeli combat vehicles, so they weren't quite what I was picturing in my head. These have windshields and are a little higher off the ground that what I was expecting. And I think we all had something a little different in mind than what the tour turned out to be. \n\nThe tour itself lasted about 2.5 - 3 hours with a couple stops along the way to stretch our legs, switch drives, take pictures and listen to Tom talk history for a few minutes. He was very informative, but he could tell that we just wanted to drive... which is also why we got done with the tour a little early. And as far as rattlesnakes go, there was 1 just off the trail as we were driving by, but he just sat there and wagged his tongue at us as we drove by. \n\nWe all had a good time, but I think we were expecting a little more, which was probably our fault. When I heard dune buggies in the desert I immediately thought of huge sand dunes that we'd just get to tear around in for a couple hours. Definitely not the fault of Fort McDowell Adventures at all, just my imagination getting the best of me. We still had a lot of fun and it was a cool experience. I am a little upset that we bypassed what appeared to be an incredible incline that we could have raced up, but other than that I was pleased with the experience. \n\nHere's a tip, if you want to take pictures, don't be afraid to bring your camera along. I left mine in the car as I wasn't sure how it would fare on the trail, but as long as you keep it in a front pocket I think you'll be ok...just don't blame me if you do lose it.
I love this place! The people there are always so nice and my pizza is always perfect! Me and my bf love the Italian Garlic pizza. I like it without veggies and even ordered it half with and half without and it was perfect! I'm sorry, but this place is just too yummy. I loves it!
This is a pretty good pizza place with ont too bad prices we had wings and the sausage pizza. The sausage is the sliced type rather than the meatball type and it was really good. Large was actually large and pretty cheap at $12 for a 16\""! The crust was milky and good and the wings were not too bad, meaty and moist not dry like other places. The restaurant itself is a little homely less jazzy than native NY-er but clean and friendly. Staff was cool too.
I just wanted to add that in addition to party and catering equipment, they also rent heaps of tools and equipment. Think hedge trimmers, lawn aerators, cement mixers - stuff you might need for a once a year or special project, and so, don't want to invest in the equipment.\n\nIn our case, we needed a chainsaw to take down some dead stuff from last winter's freeze, an unwelcome sapling, a dead tree, branches encroaching the roof, and to tame some monstrous oleanders.\n\nI was just about to head to the tool rental department at that big box home improvement store, when a friend mentioned A to Z. I gave them a call, and their prices were competitive. Plus it had that feel good factor of being a local biz.\n\nThe process was pretty easy. We got a thorough tutorial on chainsaw operation and safety, and were on our way to some serious arboreal carnage.\n\nPro tip: rent on Friday after 4pm. You can return it Monday morning, and only be charged for one day (Saturday), since they are closed on Sunday.
Green Iron Cleaners is one of my favorite non-food shops in City Scape. Since I work just down the escalator from this dry cleaner, it's easy to bring in my jackets and ties and have them the next morning. The prices are very reasonable considering the convenience of not only being downtown but also in my office building.
My co-worker suggested that i try out this wonderful place. After reading a few reviews i decided on the chorizo. The wait was a bit and the hostess offered me some chips to go. The chips were so fresh it reminded me of when me and my mom used to make them at home. Loved them.....The salsas are spicy to perfection. I will definitely make this a regular place for lunch. .....
Excellent food! Rotisserie chicken and chicken sandwich were very delicious and quick to the table. Unfortunately the service was slow towards the end of the meal when we needed to jet. All in all this is great food to fill you up before or after a flight!
Delicious. Great service. \nI reco pretzel roll turkey pastrami.  \nDecor is great, nice outdoor seating as well.
We loved Spago.  Everything was AMAZING!  If you're on a budget, maybe look elsewhere... but if you want outstanding food with really interesting and delicious flavors, this is your place.  So happy we chose it as one of our dinner spots.
Good sandwiches, good price for a filling & quick bite. The bread is really good, served warm & toasty. I didn't care for the turkey meat much but overall it was a good tasting meal. We had the Montagu (mustard sauce was a little sweet) & Club (sandwich sauce was delish) which I thought were good choices. The line was a bit long but not ridiculous considering it was a Saturday night & the service was relatively quick. I would consider coming back.
Huevos rancheros and bottomless coffee for $8! Service was lightning fast and friendly. Newspaper was current. Ingredients were fresh and delicious. Nothing fancy, but the sauce, beans and eggs were all made fresh in house. \n\nCoffee was bland but inoffensive. \n\nGreat breakfast before a day of shopping the vintage stores along Seventh Avenue.
I don't listen to the station but they sponsored the BITE of Las Vegas this year and it was fantastic. 45+ food vendors from around las vegas with plates for under $5. Everything from Famous Dave's to Hash House a Go Go. Plus a carnival and live music(Puddle of Mudd, Metro Station and more) There was quite a crowd.
I'll echo everyone else here in saying that all of the previous reviews were written before \""Jimmychu\"" started working here and really started impacting the culture and feeling of the place. I hadn't been there back in the day (even though it's a few blocks from my house) because of the negative reviews but decided to take a chance on it when I had been drinking, couldn't drive but decided I wanted to get my nails done (don't judge, OK?). \n\nI walked over to Cali Nails at 6:45 (they close at 7), but was greeted with a smile and service right away (by the other Jimmy). \n\nIt took about 1.25 hours and $50 to get a fantastic gel manicure (from Jimmychu) and a good spa pedicure (from Rose). I was very pleased with the shape of my nails and I like how just because a few were short, he didn't try to trim them all down. It's been almost two weeks, and they're still looking good. Plus, as other reviewers, were mentioned the two Jimmys are just a lot of fun and genuinely seem to enjoy their jobs, which made it really fun to be there. \n\nI will definitely be back. Maybe I'll just make it my post-HH habit! :)
My husband and I went out for our usual Friday date nights and wanted to try a restaurant featuring Latin cuisine.  Inka Heritage specializes in traditional Peruvian dishes.\n\nThough given large seafood portions (including a piece of lobster, calamari, shrimp and fish) cooked in the acid of lime juice, we weren't too fond of the ceviche appetizer.\n\nWe were very pleased with our main dishes, the Lomo Inka Heritage and the Tacu Tacu Con Lomo Saltado.  Their chef definitely knows how to prepare a wonderfully seasoned and flavorful tenderloin.\n\nWe topped of the evening with an amazing Tres Leches cake which comes highly recommended to those of you with a sweet tooth.  For something new, try their traditional Peruvian non-alcoholic drink with a complex mixture of juices.
ok im a little biased because my uncle is head chef... so one star just for that. if you love seafood, especially crab and sushi, you can load up here for a pretty reasonable price. all i ate was a bunch of crab and sashimi so thats what my review is based on...if you're like me and love seafood, to eat like this would cost 60-100 bucks easy.so get there early and enjoy!
mmm yummy! New menu is interesting.
Best Mexican food in. Vegas bar none. They authentic and the table side guacamole is excellent. They have a few dishes in this restaurant that I have only seen in Mexico. I would recommend either of their mole selections because both are excellent, but my absolute favorite is the Tia Esther chicken plate. It's a little spicy but it's amazing. Be careful not to fill up on chips
I miss the old video game arcades of yore. Heck, even when Charlotte had Putt Putts they had a killer arcade but they sadly went out of business. I really can't think of any other arcades other than Chuck E. Cheese's but they're a bit too kiddy for us. Leave it to Dave & Busters to fill that void....at a steep price!\n\nI like using the in-house debit card system to keep up with your balance and the tickets you've won, but I swear there's some price-gouging afoot with playing video games. We were having so much fun that I didn't really take a moment to do the math, but $39 worth of credits sure seemed to have flown by in less than an hour. I need to do due diligence next time and get ahold of some coupons in advance. Prizes for tickets are a bit outrageous if you want to get anything really cool and I suggest saving up your ticket-credits over time or you'll be stuck getting some garbage. Younger kids won't be that patient, though.\n\nStill, besides the price we had an absolute blast. Lots of games to choose from whether it's video games or prize-earning games...my only complaint is that there were too many co-op shooters but that's probably all the rage these days. You Old Skool gamers like myself need to try the multi-player Pac Man game. Good times. I just wish they'd open another D&B away from this crappy mall.\n\nI've never had the urge to try their food and the meals seem a bit too pricey for my tastes. It seems odd eating there...much like the time I went to a strip club years ago that served breakfast. I just can't put the two of those worlds together.\n\nYour pal,\nWalter
I use this place for business lunches and the after work beer all the time.  Great atmosphere, lots of good food.  Recommend this highly.  Service is great.
The food was very good and the service was excellent.  This is a good Restaurant for a Birthday or Anniversary Celebration.
FINALLY got to eat here for the first time today. It's a but if a journey from where we live, but with pops in town visiting.. All the more reason to take a cruise. There were 6 of us (ma, pops, the bf, daughter, baby and myself). All I can say is good food and great service!\nOur order: mahi mahi w/fried noodles, Kauai chicken (so ono) w/fried noodles, kalbi and garlic shrimp w/rice and saimin.\nEveryone left with happy opus :) \nNeed to drive out more often just to come eat here
Mas Amigos, I owe you an apology for not upgrading your rating sooner.  I've been back several times since my first review, and you are now one of my favorite restaurants in C-U.\n\nI have to reiterate that the chips and salsa are INCREDIBLE.  And that green sauce (a mixture of avocados, tomatillos, and jalape\u00f1os) should really just be poured straight into my mouth from now on.  I want it on everything.  Their lunch specials are cheap and delicious, and for God's sake, order their tacos with onion and cilantro.  Soooo good.\n\nDos is dead.  Viva Mas Amigos!
Braddahs is a very friendly staff!! She let us taste test the food!!  It's so good, I had the bowl with seaweed rice with half Kalua and half steak with the beans and salsa!! Onolicious!!  You must go eat!!!
Happy Hour! Good eats, great deal.  Starts at 3pm i believe....
I do enjoy the perkiness of DBC and this new location, while not easy to navigate, is a winner here in Surprise. Great selection, tasty coffee, and fun kid drinks too! A nice addition to the environment here in Surprise.
This was FUN! I did it for my first time in May of 2011 with 2 friends. I had never done anything like it before so I didn't know what to expect. \n\nWhen you enter, you sign a few waivers, pay $15 (before 6pm or $20 after 6pm which isn't bad), and then you take an elevator up a few stories. The crew straps you in (and checks you several times to make sure you're secure) and informs you of what you need to do (lift your legs up upon \""landing\"", etc.). Next thing you know, your off! You start out probably 4 or 5 stories up and gradually descend to your landing of about 2 stories up. It only lasts MAYBE 30 seconds and that's why I gave it -1 star (too short). It's definitely an adrenaline rush though. \n\nWhen you finish, they notify you that you can purchase pictures. During your \""flight\"", they snap several pictures of you and upon purchase, they put them in a hard cardboard frame.\n\nDefinitely a fun experience that everyone should try! I will be going back when I'm in Vegas again!
My family and I love Black Bear Diner, wish there where more of them in the valley. I particularly like the chicken fried steak, I get it almost everytime
Essen sehr, sehr gut. Wenn es warm ist, kann man auch gut drau\u00dfen sitzen!\nDie Bedienung kam nur sehr selten vorbei, dass man Getr\u00e4nke bestellen konnte. Obwohl wir mit ca 18 Leuten da waren, sa\u00dfen wir oft und lange auf dem Trockenen .
Leute... das ist nen Springbrunnen!? Sicher... nen bi\u00dfchen au\u00dfergew\u00f6hnlich ist er schon aber das man da so abgehen kann?! Vielleicht haut es mich jetzt nicht so vom Hocker, da wir (trotz W\u00fcstengegend) schlechtes und kaltes Wetter hatten?!\n\n\n F\u00fcr alle anderen: wenn man am Stripe ist, kann man sich auch die Show anschauen. Aber erwartet nichts, was euch ein Leben lang begleiten wird. Es ist halt doch nur ein paar Wasserfont\u00e4nen. Schicke... aber halt nur Wasser.
I've eaten here a number of times and like that the menu has lots of food options.  Staff is always friendly and you can tell they're like family (and in fact, some of them ARE family).  My favorite is the breakfast burrito.  Love, love, love.  This place is also popular with the older crowd, so be prepared for a wait if you go on a Saturday or Sunday morning in the winter.
It's been a long time since I've had a real reason to frequent the mall until I walked through the At Home Superstore located at AZ  Mills Mall.  Though I was on a mission to get in and leave quick, I kept getting pulled in all kinds of direction while at the store.  Each aisle had something aesthetically pleasing to the eyes or had something that allures your sense of home decor.  I have to admit that I didn't get the same giddy, goosebump kinda feeling that I get when I walk into Home Goods but it's definitely not a hit or miss kinda of place.  It does have a warehouse feel to it, which mainly means it's overwhelmingly large and impersonal.  Nonetheless, you have to go in there with a game plan or you may end up spending more than your wallet can handle cause the cost of everything is reasonable.  And \""reasonable\"" can be costly. For a store of that magnitude, it was rather empty of crazy-saving shoppers.  I may frequent the mall more often now, but not enough to become a mall rat.
I have only nice things to say about this restaurant:\n- Clean, open, spacious, modern, naturally lighted\n- Beautiful vista over the signature Wynn golf course\n- Extremely polite service\n- Every dish we tried was great: watermelon soup, arugula salad, their calling card hamburger and fries (beware of ordering it rare, as it will come *rare*!)\n\nThe jazz brunch is even better than the usual breakfast and lunch fare here -- focus your efforts on the crab legs, gumbo, shrimp, French toast, carvery and just about everything else
Love this place. Sushi is wonderful but if you go make sure to try the soba or raumen. Came here on my birthday and ordered the boat with the sashimi side... sushi till you burst!
My friend recommended this . Hot food is pretty good, K food is tasty, Sushi is fresh, use your own judgment when it comes to sushi rolls. I would definitely come back
If your a NY/NJ transplant to Phoenix and miss the Italian Bakery & Deli that you took for granted in your old neighborhood then rest assured because Romanelli's will make you feel like your back home.\n\nGreat cold cuts and subs.  Everything high quality.  Amazing homemade Italian sausage.  You got your Polly-O cheeses like back east and Wise potatoe chips and cheese doodles.  \n\nEveryone mentions the Canolli and it deserves it.  I am not sure its the best I have ever had but its up there and they will get you fresh ones upon request with no hassle.  \n\nEverything is fresh and everything is delicious and for a NY/NJ transplant it is a refreshing spot when feeling a little homesick!  \n\nThey even got great freshly baked Italian cookies and breads.  \n\nThank God for Romanelli's!!!
You know what is the most amazing thing about this place is? It's super cheap. Seriously, everywhere else in Vegas aside from fastfood is super expensive. I once got a burger from a place in Mandalay Bay and it cost $20. There was nothing special about it. The burger was dry and the bun was cold.\n\nEarl's is freaking awesome and they are FAST. The line can seem intimidating but it moves super quick because Earl's is amazingly efficient. They may only have a handful selection of sandwiches but each sandwich is made with TLC. I had myself the Full Montagu and it was delish. A bit smaller than I wanted it to be but then again I'm on a diet anyways and we were getting this at 4am so don't need to eat something that big anyways.\n\nCome here if you are in Vegas. I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
I will say that the service is not the best in town! However, you really don't go there for the service. The food is wonderful and quick. I would suggest the Spicy beef fried noodles and pan fried dumplings.
Took me long enough, but it's time to talk about the Byham Theater. I actually rarely find myself here - I've really only visited for a couple smaller musician tours and for Pittsburgh's hysterical \""Off The Record\"" series - but whenever I do I have a pretty good experience overall. \n\nThe Byham, like our other theaters, has an \""old theater\"" vibe to it. The ceiling has a gorgeous mural painted on it, the seats are tiny and feature minimal cushioning, and the floors in the seating aisles have carpeted wood planes. The result is a very lovely and interesting aesthetic look, but I have to admit, is it a bit uncomfortable. But on the plus side, my legs don't hurt as much as they have when leaving our other major theaters.\n\nWhat I really like about the Byham though is its size - as someone else mentioned, since this theater seats fewer people than Heinz and Benedum most of the seats in here are great seats, so in that sense it kind of reminds me of the London theaters I visited (where even the cheap seats in the back had an amazing view). The acoustics are pretty good, so as long as the showrunners are careful not to make their music volume louder than their actors' mics, you'll be able to hear and enjoy your show.\n\nOther reviewers have talked a lot about the history and restoration of the Byham, so I'll end my review with this - this is a lovely theater, and definitely worth visiting, just like the other theaters in our fantastic Cultural District. Be sure to check the performance schedules here as well as at the Benedum and Heinz Hall so you don't miss the latest and greatest in downtown shows!
Over the top service and very cool atmosphere!  \n\nI had a Volcano Roll and Love Affair roll.  Both my wife and I absolutely loved!  Best Sushi we have ever had in Vegas.  And we live here.
Super friendly staff. The guy at the counter gave me a sample of the green Chile which was fantastic. The chips took a minute to come out because they were literally frying fresh tortilla chips. Fantastic food and really good personable service. Authentic dishes like birria and lengua and food to satisfy the gringo like carne asada. Go there!
Our previous carpet cleaning service pulled a \""no call, no show\"" so I immediately called Mr Clean Carpet Cleaning and they were available for immediate cleaning. Ultimately, I was unable to book due to complications with the apartment. But I was grateful for the help and accommodation.
New dumpling resturant, not sure if anyone else can recommend other dumpling resturants but this is very delicious. \n\nI brought my friends from LA here and they enjoyed it too!\n\nThe decorations are red and flowers as seen in pictures. They have private rooms: party size and large.\n\nMust order: lamb dumplings!! You can't go wrong with it!\n\nParking is a bit limited but there is some in the back.\n\nLocal mom and pop resturant! I support local restaurants!
This place was amazing. If you love Greek food and you want healthy food - Gro is a must Go. \n\nThe Pita was delicious and the Yogurt was the best I have ever had. \n\nGo check this place out - you will not regret it.
This is my go to pizza place at least 5-6 times month. We always get the #25, a bunch of food and we are always left very satisfied, I grew up going to this joint and I will for as long as I live here in Vegas. Great service too! Quick deliveries!
The design is great, the drinks strong and the best hummus in town, bar none.\n\nI've been there for brunch, lunch and diner. The food is always good and the atmosphere really works\n\nHere's my favorites: Brunch-definitely the eggs benedict and a bloody Stella (tomato juice and Stella Artois); Lunch-the Tangier burger is the best, with hummus, pesto spread and sun-dried tomatoes; Dinner-the tomato Taza salad with a side of grilled salmon.\n\nAlso check out the kisras with shrimp or lamb and, oh yeah... did I mention the best hummus in town?
Excellent food and reasonably priced.  I had the Tomato, basil and mozzarella sandwich, which was delicious.  They gave me a cafe mocha as a challenge, saying I will never want one from that 'other' coffee shop again.  ;). It was delish as well.  I would definitely return!
Good happy hour during graveyard hours,  small comfy atmosphere. \""Cheers Style\"" neighborhood bar. \nBartender Mike was very nice, great conversation.
Make sure you specify that you want the garlic mozzarella bread with your entree ($7.99) not an appetizer($9.99) even though its not listed on the menu as an appetizer. According to the manager they got new menus in January...I wonder how much extra money they made from this mistake for almost 2 months? Oh and we were the first people to notice! Ha Food was good service horrible. Now I remember why I don't come here.
Checked it out figuring it would be good since he is in the business of inspecting/helping out other restaurant owners. The very first thing we noticed was the shivering hostesses and watresses. The place is very close to the outdoor of the building. The girls were freezing! We were told they are not able to put on a sweater or jacket or jeans. They were all very sweet but I felt very uncomfortablewith them being so cold. The outfits were embarrassing...so short anfd tight they had to wear thongs underneath, I could the outline. The service was good and they were very nice. The dogs looked really great! The burgers were smallish and ok!!! The drinks were very small for the prices. The fries were fine but super expensive and not that worth it. Really? How much do potatoes cost? Ihave to say I wasn't very impressed and felt reallybad for those girls!!! Comeon and adapt the uniform so they can be comfortable in the winter months.
Tests were done without our knowledge or authorization, billed to us without our knowledge, and when we tried to dispute it, the office manager said to pay it or they would send us to collections.\n\nHORRIBLE HANDLING OF OUR ISSUE!
The first starbucks that i was never asked hello or how are you and asked for my name to write on the cup...wasnt even very hectic. The barista didnt even look at me just put down my coffee n said \""vanilla latte\"" omg. And she seemed pissed off washing the cups..i didnt even do or said anything...mayb cos i didnt tip... ? Worst customer service..the cashier and the barista both needs to tie their hair more properly...looked so messy and not neat....my vanilla latte tasted so bitter...i usually tip but didnt because of no greeting...so thank god for my judgement. Hmmmmmmm
I wouldn't go back if it were the only Mexican food restaurant within 20 miles.
Ate here many years ago and always had a good meal. Tonight we decided to go back and had high hopes. Started off with the calimarie and when it came out, there was almost no sauce with it. The salad was fine but too much dressing. I had the chicken piccatta and it was very oily and the sides were penne pasta with tomato sauce and some steamed carrots and broccoli. My wife had the halibut piccatta special that was very salty. Not really worth the money and the atmosphere was a senior citizen crowd.
Would not honor vendors 25% off discount sign and very rude and condescending . With this kind of service they wont last long.
Here is the post I placed on their Facebook page:\n\nHello. I was at 1Oak on Saturday and I wanted to express the very unpleasant experience I had. I was staying at the Mirage with my girlfriend. We were walking in the lobby and and young African American male approached us and asked us if we wanted to be on the list. He said that the lady would drink free until 1am. I was also told by the concierge that I as a man, would be let in for free until Midnight. So we proceed to wait on line at 10:30. After waiting on 2 subsequent lines, I was charged twenty dollars even after presenting my room key. Then we were told to see a young lady about the free drinks. She then offered us 3 drink tickets and then 3 more if we \""liked\"" 1oak on Facebook. I felt completely misled! My girlfriend is a heavy drinker and would have liked FREE drinks until 1am, not 3 drink tickets. This was a COMPLETE MISREPRESENTATION and I feel taken advantage of. Then to top if off, she was told at the topside bar that her tickets were no longer good after midnight. There were three other female patrons who were told the exact same thing and we all complained to the bartender as we were all told the same thing. I can tell you that after this experience I will be telling this story to everyone I know and I will be very hesitant to use any services associated with The Mirage moving forward. I will be copying and pasting this to the management of the hotel as well. Thank you.
We had high hopes for this hotel being that it's an MGM property and that it's brand new. For the most part, we had a good experience, but not great.\n\nWhen you arrive you are greeted by the soaring Aria towers which are simply stunning and breathtaking. They have a beautiful modern feel that seems to go against traditional \""Vegas\"" neon. With that, every part of the architecture and styling both outside and in is beautiful and detail centric. They are spot on in presenting this as a luxury hotel from this angle.\n\nAdditionally, when you walk into your room for the first time (with a key card that you simply wave in front of your lock) your room greets your arrival by automatically opening the shades, turning on some light mood music,  ambient lighting, and the TV. Very nice indeed. However, with new technology comes new problems. The room is very nicely controlled by a 7\"" touchscreen at the side of your bed which really does control just about everything in the room, including the bathroom lights, thermostat, TV, curtains, music, and your privacy status on the door. However,  it seems to be a little buggy since we had to get a technician to service our TV as it had been frozen or crashed and was showing a previous guest's home screen. Additionally, the TV remote was very inconsistent in working properly. I would say it worked 50% of the time.\n\nThe room advertised a laptop-sized safe, which we were not able to find right off the bat. We attempted to call the front desk but were on automatic hold because all of the customer service agents were apparently busy. After about 5 minutes of being in this hold state, I decided to hang up since it was beginning to waste my time. When my wife and I went downstairs later, we asked about the safe. It turns out it is in one of the bedside drawers. True to it's description of being laptop-sized, it fit both our laptops perfectly, however since it's in a drawer, it's not tall enough to fit other items like a purse, video camera, or SLR camera.\n\nThe staff of the hotel were generally nice and very courteous, however, the main thing we noticed is that they were lacking quite a bit. Everything seemed to take longer because our waiter / waitress / customer service rep was having to do too much at once. While not their fault this is a poor reflection of the hotel and was one of the things that made our stay less than great.\n\nAs to be expected, being in a nice Vegas hotel, all the food was quite expensive. This would be fine if it was completely worth it. I don't feel for the cost of the food, that it lived up to this expectation.\n\nWe ate at The Buffet one evening for dinner for $30 a person. It had a good selection of entre\u00e9s, appetizers, salads, and desserts. However, the actual taste and quality of the food was nothing to write home about. We had to wait nearly 15-20 minutes for our waitress to finally get us our drinks even after she took our drink order before we got up for food at the buffet.\n\nThe lunch and breakfast we had at the casual restaurant, Caf\u00e9 Vettro, were fine, not great. Our waitresses both time were very kind, but service was slow once again. The lunch was tasty but overpriced for being a \""casual\"" restaurant in my opinion. The breakfast would have been better had it come out hot.\n\nFinally, my wife and I did take advantage of the massage services in the spa. This was the highlight of our stay. The facilities were very posh and beautiful (which I would expect at $185 per person for our couples massage). Both massage therapists were very good and gave us the best massages we've ever had. Was it worth $185 a piece? No, definitely not. But our $75 resort credit helped ease the pain, as it were.\n\nOverall, this can be a very nice hotel to stay at once they get their act together. The whole resort has not even completed construction. Until then, we'll be retreating back to one of our favorite spots on the strip, The Venetian.
Maybe I missed the memo that you had to be drunk to think the funky tasting pizza with a horrible aftertaste is good. And at $4.50+ a slice, it was a bit pricey for crap.\n\nAdd to that $3.25 for a plastic party cup of fountain soda? Seriously?! I understand your establishment is in a casino, but soda prices are getting incredibly ridiculous nowadays!\n\nI will give them 2 stars for a nice, hidden location, with amazing scents emanating down the vinyl album lined hallway. The staff was friendly enough, if not a little slow in the service side.
So I tried this place twice.... the first time I tried the food -  my brother and mom got take out for my dad and I for a late night snack - we had a bowl of Preserved Egg and Pork Porridge and a bowl of Wonton Noodle Soup. The porridge was okay - it was actually kind of bland and I wish I had salt. The Wonton soup was not any better - the noodles were stuck together and the wonton was also very bland. \n\nSo even after trying the food here and knowing its not that good- why would I come back again? Well my dad didn't think it was so bad so the next day he wanted to order the same thing - I really didn't want to but he insisted he wanted to eat porridge - so this time we went to order it for take out again.\n\nThis time I experienced the service -- and it was ridiculous - took 45 minutes for two dishes...on top of that the waitress was very unfriendly. The chef didn't even remember to make the porridge until I asked the waitress three times after 30 minutes - and she finally asked the chef - which was just standing around - to make it. It took him less than 5 minutes to make it but I waited 45 minutes for it. Then after that I asked her for an extra spoon and she didn't even want to give it. On top\n\nDefinitely not a place I want to go back to. Both the food I tried and the service I experienced was pretty bad. On top of that they were pretty expensive.
We had dinner at SW last night.  Had really looked forward to a nice dinner with water show. From a peek at the prices ahead of time, I thought that this was going to be a very special dinner. Turns out, not so much. \n\nWe both ordered the baby wedge salad which comes with bacon. In my mind, bacon should be crispy and thoroughly cooked. What was served was a VERY thick very undercooked slab of meat. I couldn't eat it, hubby had no problem with it. \n\nMy fillet steak was charred on the outside as the menu states, I guess that I just expected the char to be less thick and a little moister and more flavorful on the inside.  No salt or pepper on the table. Salt would have helped some.  Hubby's lamb chops were too salty by contrast. \n\nI guess that the bottom line is that if this  were a more reasonably price restaurant, I could call it average. But for the prices they charge, I just call it a disappointment.
It looks like they switched their batter on their fried pickles. They are going for the traditional cornmeal crust, which in my opinion is terrible. Limp, and too sour. I tried it about a month ago at the Tommy Rockers event when they had a more tempura like batter on them. That tended to make them crispier as well as it took a lot of the sourness away.
They gave me the wrong order! The smoothie tastes too sweet..the pasta  salad has too much mayo. This wrap is tasteless and taste like everything was canned.
This review is solely based on the service we received. Upon entering we were merely directed to a table and provided no menus. The host simply walked back to his stand. We sat and chatted, waiting for a waiter to at least bring us some menus. The delay took excessively long. We watched the workers talk in the back, only to have one person to run 1 thing out at a time. The place wasn't busy, it was a Wednesday around noon, so I can't attribute the flaw in service to being overwhelmed.  The waiter finally came to our table to take our drink order. We stated we had received no menus and, being new to the restaurant, had no idea what drinks were available. He stated he would get us menus after he got our drinks, ignoring our previous statement. We restated it, and the host rustled up some menus. The waiter then walked away to another table before giving us a chance to place drink orders at least. Overall the experience just felt very rude and we perceived it as them blatantly ignoring us. We proceeded to leave thereafter due to the poor service. Again, I have no opinion of their food because thr service was bad enough to cause us to leave before even ordering. Hope others have a better experience.
Got Bugs? No? Want Bugs? Yes? I have your place -- apparently. \n\nFirst, nice open space, modern but comfortable with a nice atmosphere that isn't too loud or too quiet. \n\nMost importantly, I don't eat bugs voluntarily. I know, call me odd, but it just isn't my thing. Up until my visit to The Parlor, not one single person had made me feel odd or unwarranted in my preference to avoid consuming bugs...ahhh, but all good things must come to an end, even our hopes and dreams of acceptance. \n\nSo, let's stick with the facts: The Smokey (a pizza) and another pizza we ordered were delivered to our table. I quickly noticed something moving on the arugula on top of the Smokey. I attempted to wave it away, thinking it was a fruit fly. My menacing wave had no impact and then I noticed that in fact there were at least 3 or more bugs moving about the arugula. With furious vengeance, I waved at them again. Nothing. OK, not eating this pizza. \n\nSo, I called the waiter over and told him that there were bugs on the pizza. Now this is where our story takes an odd turn (really, we probably have all found a bug in our food at some point, so that's not very odd). \n\nThe waiter responded -- \""well, that's what happens when you don't use pesticides and the food is organic.\"" He then called over another waiter and told her that there were bugs on our pizza. She inspected and concluded that it was so, whereupon she asked: \""would you like something different?\"" \n\nOK. Part of me was expecting the camera crew to emerge, but alas, Candid Camera has long since gone away and instead we were having a great moment in Phoenix restaurant service history. \n\nReally, \""do we want something different?\"" No no, now that we know that the bugs are organic, we will eat that pizza, and heck, order us another with extra bugs. \n\nAnd come on...\""it's organic\""...that's your response? -- I have organic vegetables delivered to me twice a month and I have never had any bugs (granted I do wash my produce). Also, my parents had a large garden when I was younger, no pesticides, and often there were bugs on the vegetables. But, and apparently this is a strange concept, we WASHED them off before eating or serving or storing. \n\nI understand, bugs happen. What I don't understand is the response we received. We truly felt like we were being odd for sending back the pizza. I know that the service level in Phoenix often hovers around a 3 to 4 out of 10, but really, this was a new low. I wasn't expecting the owner to come on out on his or her knees, but I did expect something along the lines of: Oh, I'm very sorry, let me take that away and get you a menu so you can select something else. \n\nSure, eventually there was a rather late \""sorry\"" and an offer of a free dessert, but it was a little late for that. \n\nOn the upside it made for great humor. When the waiter asked us if we had been there before I was half expecting, if we had both said no, she would have said, well that pizza always has bugs on it. And when she asked if we needed help picking something out, I really wanted to say: yes, something without bugs. Unfortunately, I kept the joke to myself. \n\nThe pizza we did eat was OK. The crust lacked flavor and overall it wasn't on par with the likes of Cibo, Humble Pie, or Bianco.\n\nI could get over the bugs, but I have a very hard time swallowing such terrible service. \n\n...wait, maybe there is a camera on me right now as I write this and Candid Camera really has come back...that's the best explanation I have.
To me, the Olympic Stadium is a symbol of failure on so many levels. An Olympic Games where Canada didn't win a single gold (no Canadian flag in the gold medal flag circle), a Games that left Montreal in debt for over 30 years, and a building that has had so many structural problems that it had to be closed for months of the year - and where concrete pieces actually fell off!\n\nIt's an embarrassment to the city, actually. While the tower provides a nice view of Montreal, it would not be a destination/attraction that I would recommend to a guest. \n\nIf you're already in the area because of a great attraction like the Biodome or Botanical Gardens, and you have money to burn for a photo op, then consider it, but don't make a special trip.
Well first of all this could be a GREAT park. However the DOG owners let their dogs run wild and they think its ok and it's NOT ok. Clean up your dog S$!t.. It's all over the place. Remember children use this park daily they don't need to get dog pee and poop all over them. The signage clearly says ALL dogs must be on a leash. Yes that's right ALL  DOGS even your little peach. This is NOT a DOG PARK.  Animal control should at the park daily between 12-1245pm and 6pm-730pm to start handing out tickets for irresponsible dog owners. Keep your nice dogs on a least and you won't end up with a lawsuit because you think your dog is so friendly. Get this!  I'm at the pool. A woman comes running to the gate and said help me open the gate. I said you can't bring your dogs in the pool area. She said I know but I need help the other dogs are attacking my dogs and I need to get into a safe area. OMG!. She was crying.  I let her in the gate to save her and her dogs. I have seen GREAT dogs do bad things and owners are in jail. Use good judgement be a responsible pet owner.
Horrible customer service from the owner (the man with the white/gray hair). He treated me rudely and threw the shoe in the box and grabbed it away from me before I could aak for another size. I only asked for one size of one shoe while others were asking for tons of shoes and sizes. He was horribly rude to me and my mom. Not worth buying from there.
Ich hatte mir hier vor einiger Zeit mal ein paar Uhren angesehen, bin dann einige Zeit sp\u00e4ter \u00fcber Nachmittags wieder hin um die Batterie meiner Armbanduhr wechseln zu lassen. Erst hie\u00df es das die Uhr eingeschickt werden m\u00fcsste (h\u00e4?) und dann sollte ich eine halbe Stunde warten, es w\u00fcrde umgehend erledigt. Ich hatte nicht viel Zeit, aber eine halbe Stunde war drin, der Batteriewechsel sollte 12,90EUR kosten, also ok... nach 30min komme ich wieder, ich sollte dann nochmal so lange warten. Geht gar nicht, schliesslich muss ich was arbeiten, also Uhr wieder mitgenommen. Was ist das f\u00fcr ein Kundenservice ???? Habe mir dann beim Pollin f\u00fcr 4,99EUR Uhrmacherwerkzeug bestellt, Batterie 2EUR, hat keine 2 Minuten gedauert da lief die Uhr wieder. Und ich bin sicherlich kein Uhrmacher. Fazit: So vergrault man Kunden. Ich werde hier bestimmt NICHTS kaufen.
Holy cow... we had the worst experience here! The one up in Surprise was a million times better!\n\nFirst of all, we walked in with a party of four on a Friday night and they looked at us like we were crazy. The lovely gal up front asked if we had a reservation, and of course we did not. They weren't very busy at all for a Friday night, but she acted as if they were completely swamped. She informed us that it would be a 20 minute wait like it was the end of the world, but of course to us that seemed very reasonable. I guess we're just used to going to busier restaurants on the weekends?\n\nAnyway, the wait actually took over 45 minutes--definitely more than double her initial guess. Whatever, we were able to grab a few drinks before happy hour was over so we were happy. The bar was actually the busiest part of the restaurant, and their service was fast and friendly. However, the rest of the place definitely took away from our positive initial experience there.\n\nWe were finally seated in the normal dining area and had the slowest, most forgetful waiter ever. I also noticed that the Hibachi area of the restaurant had barely anyone in it, so maybe that's why it took so long to get in. Everyone was trying to get into the smaller, normal restaurant section! :P We just wanted a nice regular meal with a regular waiter that night, but unfortunately our experience wasn't so great.\n\nWe all asked for waters, and the waiter brought one. Gee, thanks. Communal water? LOL. He also kept forgetting things we'd ask for, so we actually had to ask other waiters/waitresses on THREE separate occasions for things that our waiter didn't bring. We would've reminded him, but he seemed to disappear for long periods of time after forgetting things. He also seemed to know whenever we were complaining about him, because he would show up immediately after. 6th sense for unhappy customers? :)\n\nNow, for the food... I had seafood kabobs, and they were okay. However, two of us had scallops in our meals and they were not cooked correctly. I know it's hard to cook them correctly, but these were just bad. The rest wasn't bad, but nothing great either... especially for the price.\n\nOh, I think the biggest part that bothered me was the location of the restrooms. It was right next to the kitchen, so it was constantly busy with waiter traffic. This is fine, but the attitude of said traffic was what bothered me. The first time, three waiters almost ran into me on my trip to the restroom. They just looked at me as if I was in the wrong place, and of course I said \""excuse me.\"" They didn't say anything... just looked at me and went around. On my second trip to the restroom, three waiters/waitresses were standing in the hallway just talking to one another, blocking the entire walkway. I walked up and stood there, finally saying \""Excuse me, I have to get to the restroom.\"" One girl moved to the side a little bit, but the guy standing in the middle had his arms crossed with his elbows sticking way out and didn't even acknowledge me. I had to maneuver around his impertinent elbows in order to fit through the tiny gap the one kind waitress had made for me. Basically, I was thinking \""WTF?!\""\n\nWhen we were done eating, after we had paid the bill, we then realized that we had been there for over 3.5 hours. Ridiculous! The service was extremely slow and mostly unfriendly, the food wasn't good for the price we paid, and we just ended up being pissed off in general after leaving. This was our first trip to this Hayashi, but we wanted to try it out after having so many fantastic experience up at the Surprise location. I guess the name is the only thing these 2 locations have in common.
The Guests are trashy.\n\nThe hotel pipes in a rose-scent that sickens you if the Casino Cigar smells don't do so already.\n\n\nThe staff is rude and wouldn't let us check-in. We pre-paid our first night but they have a policy against customer satisfaction and free bag-check. The card-holder who booked the room had a delayed flight, despite all of us sharing the same name (being related) and being listed in their computer... we had to wait for the card-holder. There's no place to sit in the lobby, they don't apologetically come up with distraction and recommendations for you to kill time with within or beyond the casino either!\n\nThey ruined our first night with this stupid policy and would not refund it despite us not being able to get in until well after midnight. (We tried to check in at 2:30pm - typically after 12pm hotels will let you.)\n\nThe room sat empty all day while we dragged our bags up and down the strip looking for things to do...tired and exhausted. (There are no benches to sit ANYWHERE in Las Vegas actually. Wonder why... ker-ching.)\n\nThe pools are disgusting and anything BUT relaxing (trashy crowd, loud crowd, loud music blasting everywhere...too many children, drunk girls, d-bag boyfriends of drunk girls and disgusting old people in thongs.) - Plus you have to walk THROUGH the whole goddamn hotel in your swimsuit to get to the pool... this includes walking through the casino and past the upscale restaurants. What a view for those diners.\n\nAll the food is far too expensive for the quality. Particularly there are few places to get breakfast or affordable, decent coffee. If you hate Starbucks, you're up a creek.\n\nThe bedrooms do no have windows that open and the air conditioning is barely noticeable.\n\nCirque du Soleil's 'KA' is the only reason to visit this casino -an astounding show, nothing short of amazing. (Serioulsy, go see it!!!)\n\nThe hotel is very dark and after exploring the Bellagio, Venetian, Paris, even the Mirage... you can't help but feel like you're staying at the trashiest place on the strip.\n\nFor a company about to go under, and for Las Vegas barely keeping it's head above water in this hard times... MGM Grand sure does not go out of it's way to keep the customers happy. The hotel is affordable at the cost of customer satisfaction. I will never stay here again or recommend it to anyone. It felt like Wal-Mart meets MTV Beach House. You don't feel particularly safe amongst the crowd or pampered here either.\n\nAnimal Lovers - Try not to look at the lions that they keep pent up in the casino on drugs. They'll tell you they're special and loved but I don't buy it. Those Lions look like they've lost the will to live and I don't care how thick the glass is.. you can't convince me they aren't breathing in that horrible Casino air. They probably all have black lungs which is why they never move around. Poor things.\n\nThe flow of the Casino and the people traffic really makes you feel like you're still at the Airport. Except it's darker and harder to escape.\n\nBut really, do you want to pay for a hotel that you feel the need to ESCAPE from??\n\nSave your pennies, pay a bit more for a better hotel further up the strip such as the Venetian.
I've bought my tires here for years, and never felt like I was getting ripped. One day on a purchase of one tire from road damage, I happened to look at the receipt and I compared the price of the tire with that brand and model on the internet. I found it several places for $50 less (per tire). When I showed that to the fellow, he said \""Well, just add in the shipping and you'll see that our price is fair.\"" The shipping was $15, and so I wanted my $35 refund -- this was right when I was still in their shop. Basically, he just argued the point and didn't want to do anything about it despite their \""pricing guarantee.\"" Then, for the first time in 10 years, I really looked at their receipt. They had indicated to me that I had a \""free installation,\"" but they had charged me $17 for balancing which is normally free when you buy a tire elsewhere. They wouldn't give me their price guarantee despite the evidence right in front of them, and they charged me for their free installation. That's enough right there to drop it to 2 star. I would have given them a one-star rating but the work they did was OK, so I kept it to 2 stars. Having just read about the founder in Phoenix Magazine and how he's now a billionaire, I think he could perhaps spare me the $40 for a customer doing business with them a decade!
We had to come try this place out since it had amazing reviews. We were disappointed TWICE!..The service was great both times.  We had carryout the first time and ate in the second.  The place was busy both times and the Chicken wings were the only thing that was consistently good.  The Collard Greens are the toughest and tasteless greens I've ever had and the Mac & Cheese is so so.  My Husband had the fried whiting and it was tasty but he also didn't like the sides and said the greens were gritty. We both agree that the cornbread is delicious.  I would return for the Chicken Wings only.
Update: called this week (3 weeks after call that jeans were delayed) and they said my jeans were cut this week and I should be getting a call next week for fitting. Let's see if they are what I ordered.
Ordered take out the other night and brought our pizza home only to discover a water logged pizza soup in the box! I returned immediately and voiced my displeasure.\n\nWhat was Russo's solution? We'll make you another one, that's it. No refund, no coupon, no nothing. I have to drive there & back twice with a hungry family waiting for food and that was their way of fixing the problem.\n\nFor a premium price they should be offering a premium service and a premium product, they're failing on both accounts. Customer service is barely there and their pizza has been consistently going downhill the past 6 months. Lack of toppings, consistency, quality and a young girl, who's always working, who doesn't understand customer service.\n\nWe'll be searching for a new pizza joint after being unimpressed for quite some time now.
I really wanted to like Bonterra. I really REALLY wanted to enjoy it...but it was just disappointing. My husband and I ordered a variety of items off the menu - an array of appetizers, entrees and wine and nothing really \""wowed\"" us. The worst part of it all, though, was the service. Maybe the server was just having an off night, but he was very short with us, only checked on us twice during the entire time (once was to greet and the second was to drop off the check with no thank you whatsoever). Other servers dropped off our food (which is completely fine)...but the whole experience was a let down. When you spend that kind of money on a meal ($200+) you really want to be taken care of - and it seemed like no one cared at all.
Pretty lame and it's annoying they've made transportation a racket. Bus, train anyone? Since when is a ride share MORE expensive than a taxi? Only in Vegas...\n\nNo good food options to boot. Ugh.
Never again from.nor do I reccomend Monarch apartments on Coolidge street...or any M.E.B property ....
I must admit that not being from Pittsburgh, I walked into this place with very different expectations for what a \""cheesesteak\"" sandwich constituted. Having said that, while the inclusion of an enormous amount of fries and coleslaw on the sandwich was great, the tiny piece of beef \""patty\"" that can only be described as something they use as a weight watchers/jenny craig portion leaves much to be desired. I honestly felt like I was eating some sort of vegetarian sandwich with a tiny piece of shriveled up beef patty lost somewhere in between the enormous slices of Italian bread.\n\nOn the plus side, the Oakland location does have a pretty sweet deal for after 10pm, where a sandwich and drink was 3 or 4 bucks.
Went for our 2nd time last night... The hostess Alicia was rude and acted like she didn't want to be bothered.  When our server Roger came over, could barely distinguish what he said, he acted like he couldn't get wait to get to something else. Place was not packed, lots of empty seats and plenty of servers, so being short staffed wasn't the reason for such horrible service.  We got up and left without ordering.  Very disappointed.
worst coffee ever.  horrible. . I told them coffee taste really bad but seems they don't care.
I've been meaning to come to SW Steakhouse for quite sometime now and after a failed attempt to get a reservation back in April, I was determined to get one the next Vegas round. \n\nWe arrived a little past our reservation but we were promptly seated in the outdoor seating area next to the waterfall, which I might add was very beautiful and totally complimented the dining experience. They put on little shows for you as soon as the sun sets, they also have lights reflecting onto the water that change in color. So pretty! =)\n\nAPPETIZER\nSAUTEED FOIE GRAS w/ Grilled Pineapple, Brioche Toast and Blackberry Jam- Oh what a dish this was, the foie gras was perfectly seared (not burned, like the last foie gras I had). The pineapple added a nice contrast to the foie gras, at first I wasn't too sure it'd be a good combination BUT it was. Also the blackberry jam complimented the foie gras very well.\n\nI'M GOING TO NEED MORE WATER\n42OZ CHILI RUBBED DOUBLE RIBEYE- Like Cherylynn N. mentioned, this dish was featured on Food Networks \""The Best Thing I Ever Ate\"" so we had fairly high hopes for this dish. SO DISAPPOINTING,  the chili rub was way too overpowering, too salty, too much seasoning, IT WAS JUST TOO MUCH and too much of something can't always be good.  I found myself having to drink a couple of glasses of water because the rub was too overbearing and took away from the steaks flavor! I'm shocked that this would be on \""The Best Thing I Ever Ate\"" because this didn't come anywhere close to being the best thing I ever ate. Oh, might I add that our steak was OVERCOOKED!!\n\nSIDELINERS\nBLACK TRUFFLE CREAMED CORN, PARMESAN CREAMED SPINACH, MAC 'N CHEESE, FINGERLING POTATOES w/ Green Beans & Bacon- Our of all the sides, I thought the mac n' cheese was the best. Why? Because I like mac n' cheese, that good enough for ya? =X \n\nTHERE'S ALWAYS ROOM FOR DESSERT\nFUNNEL CAKE & STRAWBERRIES w/ Anglaise, Salty Caramel and Fudge Sauce- THANK GOD FOR DESSERTS! This was the best out of all the dishes we had. The funnel cake was soft and warm and when dipped in any of the 3 dipping sauces was like taking a bite of heaven. \n\nHI, YES WE'RE STILL HERE! (SERVICE)\nSo, our waitress was MIA more than half the time. I don't remember her checking on us at all but I watched her multiple times go to tables where older customers were seated and checked up on them. The only times we saw her was when we placed our orders, when our friend had to complain about his steak because it was WAY OVERCOOKED and when she handed us the bill. A restaurant in the Wynn lacks service in their restaurants, I'm shocked. \n\nOVERCOOKED\nAh, now you must be wondering about the overcooked steak. If not, YOU BETTER START TO WONDER!! =X jk. All joking aside, our friend had to send his steak back because his steak was cooked well-done instead of medium-rare. How in God's name does a steakhouse overcook a steak? How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand! \n\nOur waitress then asked our party if everyone's steak was cooked to their liking but she said it in a tone, a tone like \""UGH F%^&, ANYONE ELSE??\"" *flips the bird* WHATEVER LADY.\n\nCONCLUSION\nNever coming back here, I'm so disappointed. The restaurant is a beautiful one but beauty can't mask what's truly inside and what's truly inside, an MIA waitress and overcooked steaks. The foie gras, dessert and enchanting waterfall could not save this review from being 2 stars because I didn't come here for either one of those things. I came here for a good steak and that's NOT what I got, all I got was a bag full of disappointment.
Not overly impressed - so-so Italian food in a pretty nice setting.... good for a weeknite dinner, which is what my co-worker and I were there for.... the bread is great, we had the baked clams as a starter which were yummy, but the pasta dishes didn't knock my socks off... a little too bland.  We had the bolognese; the tortelloni with peas, proscuitto, and cream sauce; and then a ravioli special (stuffed ricotta and spinach) and cream sauce.  All were OK - the tortelloni was definitely the best... love the bowl of fresh grated parmesan they bring to the table.  The owner stopped by our table a few times and was very friendly... place was nearly empty though (it was a Tuesday night).  All in all, a OK place, but there are much better restaurants around....
We came down stairs from the room to grab a drink and the older lady that was bartending had a really bad attitude and didn't make our experience very fun.  We were told to put twenty dollars into the machine to get a free drink and after a couple of minutes a gentlemen sat down put a couple of dollar bills into his machine and she gave him a free drink.  We left soon after and didn't return to the Garden Bar.
Yes, I know that it's cheap diner food, but c'mon... You have your corporate headquarters within walking distance and this is all you can serve up? \n\nMy husband and I were craving a late night snack after seeing a movie a couple weekends ago and decided to try this Eat 'N Park location for the first time. I had always been adequately satisfied at other locations so I thought this restaurant would be worth a try.\n\nI ordered several items - Sweet Potato Fries with Apple Butter Dip, Hot Chocolate, and Pumpkin Creme Pie. I think my husband ordered some sort of burger or sandwich. Anyway, every item was problematic in some way. The fries were good, but the apple butter was oddly thick and sweet. The hot chocolate had \""creative\"" chocolate syrup drizzling, that was running all down the cup and saucer. I had to carefully drink the beverage - which was OK - because I was afraid that I would get the syrup all over my hand, face, and clothes. The pumpkin creme pie looked like it was sliced by a 5 year old. It looked like it had been carelessly cut and plopped onto the plate, where it appeared very flat and unappetizing.\n\nHowever, our waitress was the sweetest, middle-aged woman! Our food took a little time to get to our table (not too bad though) and she comped two of the items (I believe the Hot Chocolate and the pie) from our bill. She was very attentive and kind while we dined there, and I made sure that my husband gave her a good tip. If I remembered her name, I would definitely mention it in this review.\n\nHowever, despite our kind service, I'm not planning on returning to this location any time soon.
I decided to get Yogurt as my plane was boarding at the gate next to PB (Genius, I know). I've never had Froyo from this particular company, but everyone I know raves about it. I couldn't figure out why the line was kind of slow, then I realized that employees serve you. When it was finally my turn, I ordered the Peppermint Froyo. The staff member was pleasant and suggested some toppings to go with it. My Froyo was delicious and everyone I encountered at PB were so sweet and helpful, but it's just not for me. I prefer self serving joints with more than four Froyo flavors to choose from(maybe they were out, it was the week of Christmas). Also, I got a small and I paid $5 for a treat that I normally spent $2 on.
Awful. Awful. Awful. Awful. \nThey are an AWFUL company with a MARGINAL, overpriced product and what appears to be way too close to a monopoly on the Valley cable market.\n\nI agree with every Poster's experience. \n\nRecently I was severely overcharged via an \""AutoPay\"" checking account transaction. Literally they dipped-in and removed nearly DOUBLE the amount they should have! To add insult to injury, they made the unilateral, ignorant decision to KEEP/credit my cash rather than immediately return the amount to my checking account.  \n\nIt cost me a tremendous amount of time in repeated phone calls, terrible stress, and skimping on GROCERIES for the week it took them to fix their error!!\nDISGUSTING.\n\nAnd as warning - truly do not ever enroll in AutoPay!!  \n\nThe Banks consider it \""At your own risk\"" - and Cox apparently knows this:  they haphazardly commit egregious errors in which they grossly OVERPAY themselves \""by mistake.\""   Additionally, the billing cycles starts 60 minutes after the last one,  which  means you're ALWAYS in a billing-cycle and can NEVER REMOVE Auto-Pay! I had to shut-down my whole Visa/Debit Card - that's what Shiesters they are!!! \n\nI'm just about ready to make the leap to Dish.\nCan't wait. \nBye from me, Cox.
Terrible Takeout! Do not go!\nI called in my order, simple two omelet, with some fruit and tomatoes on the side. Nothing crazy. So I got thought the extended diatribe on the phone clarifying and identify I understand the extra charges for a side of tomatoes, the cashier says 10 minutes.\nI get to the restaurant about 6 minutes later only to sit and wait another 20 or so, the price of which had never been disclosed to me. $11 per 4-egg omelet. I was a little shocked, but then my order was also wrong, they missed my extras and wanted to charge me even more for simple stuff like an ounce of tomatoes. I'm trying to grin and bare it, when the cashier dashes off without a word to get her manager, because she doesn't actually know the cost of said side of tomatoes. The manager comes out with a half -ass-ed apology and an offer to \""take care of me\"" the NEXT time I choose to suffer through this establishment's shotty service.\nSo now that I've arrived at my office a whole 3 minute drive away, My fruit cup was leaking all over the bag of food. Each meal was luke warm, the ranch potatoes nearly broke a tong of my plastic fork, which we received one less than requested. My crazy chicken  omelet, which is described as \""Loaded with julienned chicken breast, fresh mushrooms and guacamole. Topped with muenster cheese and sour cream.\"" on the website, had flavorless dark meat chicken, and mushy old guacamole that was terrible.\nDon't trouble yourself with this establishment, food should be a delight, not a stressful experience.
I have no complaints about the food, if you can actually get it.  I stopped going here because they keep messing up my order.  It's not like I have a complicated order, either, but when I want a bean and cheese,  I don't want a carne asada.  If I say no cheese, a burrito with cheese is not OK.  I once went here with two friends and they managed to screw up all three of our orders.  \n\nAlso, I went here with a lactose-intolerant friend and he asked them to clean the grill before making his food to avoid an allergic reaction.  They looked at him like he asked for space food.  We ended up going someplace else.\n\nThere's a Filiberto's up the street.  They've always managed to get my order right, so I don't bother with this place anymore.
DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION!!!! \n\nWe just went to the drive-thru at this Burger King and the girl (Ashley) was so rude. We started to place our order and immediately she cuts us off and doesn't listen. We had to pull up to the window to place the order. Once we got to the window, she huffed and puffed the whole time and threw us attitude. Our order was thrown into the bag, the burgers were spilled out of the wrappers and the onion rings weren't even full. Both orders were half empty. Once we got home, we called back and asked for a manager. Whoever answered the phone wouldn't tell us who they were and hung up on us. They then called us back to harass us and blame us for the hang up. \n\nI will never go back to this location. Calls have been put into the corporate office. Will update once we see what they are going to do.
I am serious about ice cream eating. It is in everyone's interest to not mess around with my cravings for smooth, cold, delicious ice cream.\n\nTo my dismay, Ben & Jerry's on Woodlawn did not pull through for me. I ordered a Coffee Heath Bar shake and got a Vanilla Heath Bar shake with more milk than ice cream. It was uncomfortable to drink because my mind was on thick shake and instead I got chunky milk that wasn't frozen-cold. In addition, my husband ordered a fruit shake and the guy behind the counter asked another guy how to make it...and the other guy responded, \""I don't know.\"" \n\nMy hope is that they train their employees better.\n\nI love Ben & Jerry's and I like the company's story. I refuse to go lower than two stars because usually the product is delicious, they support social and environmental causes, and they have creative names for their flavors.
Pizza here is not exactly edible, unless you are not Italian, in which case you might even like it.\nPizza is not extremely difficult to make, and it is ridiculously cheap. For this reasons it should be twice as big and half as expensive.\nAnd the topping, good Lord...that was so scarse that I thought it was a joke.
Ball bar, men tog mer betalt \u00e4n vad som stod p\u00e5 menyn uppt\u00e4ckte jag i efterhand, som redan var dyr. Inget som stod ut p\u00e5 menyn, dansande tjejer i luften och mestadels gubbar. Bra DJ!
I love Fry's. I really do. Way better then Best Buy for so many reasons. I can spend hours in the store and I'm not even that big of a nerd. Started my trip tonight by looking at video games. Almost bought one, but I decided not to. I was here for a reason. \nNext stop is car stereos. I've been wanting a new one with an aux connection. Now they have aux connections and usb in stereos? Amazing! Where have I been? Took about 15 minutes for someone to come and assist me with looking at the car stereos and tell me which one would work best. I know these employees have to make commission, but I was impressed that he did not try to sell me something I didn't need or want. He actually recommended a very low cost stereo for me.  Satisfied. \nNext, networking. I needed a few items. I needed a wireless router. Well I was told by a friend beforehand which router I should get  (I sure love knowing lots of nerds). This guy is trying to sell me something else that is $40 more. I live in a fairly small house. I'm typically in the living room. I have no need for a huge router. Then he tries to sell me another brand, because its sells more. He couldn't explain to me why it is better, it has the same specs, its just a better seller. Then he starts to tell me about his at home. Still can't explain why it could be better. Ok, no thanks, I will stick with the one that has already been recommended to me by someone who knows what they are talking about. Next, I need a cord. A VGA to a RGB with audio. He starts searching in a bunch of aisles, asking other people for help. He can't find it. I show him a link and picture from their website, searches some more. Nope, not happening.  Asks me if I've looked in some other part of the store. No, I haven't. Maybe he should help me with that. Probably not.  Next, I would like an external hard drive. Simple enough. Ok. go over there. Starts showing me one that is $170. Its 500 gigs. Well, look, there's the same brand, same gigs for $100, just smaller, thinner, cuter. What's different mister employee? Why such a price difference. He has no idea. Whatever, I will just pick this one. His answer to almost everything is that I can return it if I need to. Why should I have to waste my time bringing something back and returning it? Shouldn't I just get the right answers right now? \nOk, I'm done shopping. I could spend more in this wonderful store, but I should be getting home. He brings me up front to check out, and so I don't have to wait in line. He's gonna make sure he gets his commission and no one else tries to take it. \nAlmost done checking out when another employee, obviously a friend of his walks up and starts laughing about selling something. It sounds as if they are mocking a customer for buying something ridiculous and overpriced perhaps. They are talking about the money they are making and how cute the lady customer was. They walk away, I mention to the cashier how rude, inappropriate and unprofessional all that was to do in front of a customer. She didn't give 2 shits what I had to say either. \nI will return, because it is one of the most amazing places ever, however, beware of the employees. They suck. They are commissioned. They will try to sell you things you don't need, don't want and are too pricey. Try and go in there knowing what you want already. You won't get very good answers because the employees have no idea what they are talking about. I'm hoping you will  have a nerdy friend. Do research online first, ask a friend, or shop somewhere else if you truly have no idea.
This bus system is unlike anything that I have ever seen. Not even Miami-Dade buses are this wretched and they have sky high crime. Riding on board feels like the Twilight Zone meets musical chairs in broad daylight. Some bus routes are mobile war zones (e.g. 206 and 105) while others offer a more diverse assortment of M&M's (e.g. would-be murderers, dirty vagrants, substance abusers, people engaging in trash and flash and etc.) for one's riding pleasure. Not even riding the 6 train to the Bronx nor taking the PATH at night was ever this bonkers. Oh yes, here's looking at you, Vegas.    \n\nI am not even going to fully detail RTC's lack of punctuality and disdain for paying passengers such as not informing people of detours. The bus drivers and administrative staff could care less; they are in their air conditioned offices looking important from their cubicles. Las Vegas (including RTC) makes the fallacy to presume that all people who ride the bus are poor trash. That mentality only attracts the same people they deride. Maybe the concept that some bus passengers ride to be green, have the passenger view and chill is too abstract for them to comprehend at this time. \n\nThe markup prices that RTC charges tourists are so not worth the sh.. service that is rendered. If you do decided to board the bus for some odd reason (driving here's dangerous, I know), always purchase your bus passes at an RTC bus terminal. This way, you can obtain the locals price. If you're gonna blow $20 on the Deuce for a few days, why not spend $35 on a residential two week bus pass? When you leave Vegas, you can always pay it forward and give the bus pass to a needy person. There is a lot of poverty in this shiny entertainment mecca. \n\nMy advice for tourists who actually decide to visit Sin City: drive and stay away from most residential neighborhoods. In the span of a decade (maybe longer, if I am right), this town has transformed into an open air zoo. You never know what kind of animals you will encounter be it gorillas, chimpanzees, feral hogs, bison and snakes (constrictors and venomous). \n\nThink of being on the Strip like having a chaperoned date that tells you, \""If you have sex, you die and go to hell.\"" The sad truth in this parable is that your conservative chaperone is right and actually means well. Stay in the better part of the Strip indoors or only venture outside to specific locales (e.g. Red Rock, Las Vegas Springs Preserve and Valley of Fire) and you'll tend to be okay if you check your lunar calendar. However, I can't issue any guarantees for anyone's safety in Las Vegas. I hate to sound superstitious, but observe the cycles of the moon and the people, and see what you come up with.  \n\nRiding the cab is at your own risk. This isn't NYC where you can flag a cab and set a negotiable price. From the moment that you hop on in, your life's being billed away. That, and cabbies get into a lot of accidents here over unsafe driving and the results for the parties involved are often fatal.
Standard. Great Location. But a bit too expensive\n\nThe location is the main highlight. If you're parking a car there, it's +$25 per night. The valet service is manditory, and it becomes annoying to wait every time you need access your car.\n\nWith a car it jumps to 150 + 25 per night, which is a bit much. Might as well go for something with more amenities, like a pool.\n\nLoved the location, but not sure I would stay here again. I just don't see the value.
I came here for dinner BC I had eaten here before and enjoyed the food. Bi Bim Bop sounded good so I ordered that and a spicy tuna hand roll. \n\nMy starter soup arrived and several sides of banchan. The soup was tasty and banchan was marginal. My Bi Bim Bop arrived and it was hot and the rice was nice and toasted on the bottom. I added some sauce that they left on the table but the flavor was still lacking taste and the ingredients seemed to be really skimpy. Instead of beef strips they give you ground beef. I could'nt even finish half the bowl. When I tasted this dish in K town  Los Angeles the dish had much more flavor compared to Min Sok Chon. As for the spicy tuna hand roll it was also weak, cold tuna but also lacking flavor when I got towards the bottom the seaweed was soggy - yuck! \n\nOverall it was a disappointing dinning experience, or maybe I just ordered items they don't do well.
Not sure where to get dinner on Sunday evening, my wife and I ended up giving Henry's a try.\n\nWe walked in and seated ourselves (hoping that was proper etiquette) in some rather spacious, long booths. The one front of house staff person delivered some tables' food, then brought us menus.\n\nPerusing their offerings, I decided to give their \""World's Best Mac & Cheese\"" a try. Since I wanted more than just cheesy pasta, I added the chicken option.\n\nWith our glasses of water, the server also brought out a small pitcher of water for us, which was nice to have handy!\n\nLet's put it this way, one pound of mac and cheese, with a chicken breast makes for a HUGE plate of food to see appear before one's self. My wife and I both took exploratory bites of the pound of cheesy mac. It was....\n\n...\n\nBarely mediocre. \n\nThe cheese was not very flavorful, there was an abundance of melted, yellow cheese throughout. \n\nThe chicken was... well, it started out as chicken. It was grilled on an open flame, so the outside was charred pretty good and the inside was half dry and tough, half almost moist. There was no flavor beyond charcoal.\n\n$16 for a pound of mediocre mac and cheese, with a burnt chicken breast? I think this place will not be getting my business again for a while.\n\nMy wife will review her food, as it was equally (or more) underwhelming than this dish.
I would have liked to review the food but that would be difficult.  We arrived at Ceasars which is difficult to navigate to begin with.  Arriving in the buffet area we are told to login and be given our time to eat.  We asked if their buffet was still included in the 24 hour deal and we were assured they were.  We waited 90 minutes to be called.  Then we were told it was an additional $30.00 per person to dine there with the 24 hour deal.  The deal was also $15.00 more than before.  So after waiting for 90 minutes we are told to eat there is going to cost 30.00 above what is paid for the buffet deal.  Totally ridiculous.  And by the way - to expedite your space you could pay $15.00 each.  And if you are handicapped - only one person may go in with you - the rest of your party can wait until they are called.
I dont even know why I order anything from here. They never get my rather simple orders right, not once! The food is good but you know what would be better? Getting what I paid for.
I haven't been to a tropical smoothie in a long time, and I used to think their food was decent, even if a bit overpriced. First it started off badly when I was the only one at the counter and there were three young women behind the counter and I politely waited for 5 minutes until I asked if someone would take my order, then a middle age male comes from behind the back to take my order and what I assume is his 5 year old son comes up and stands next to him, I'm ok with bring your kid to work day if that's what it was; but someone who saw me waiting could of gotten him, if they are not allowed to take orders. I ordered the chicken Cesar wrap and I have to admit that it was pretty gross. The chicken was mushy, almost like the chicken was made for a chicken salad or for someone without teeth. I though the wrap would have strips of chicken breast in it, but it did not. With other food court option in the area, I will not be coming back here
Not worth the hype. There are many good restaurants on the strip, but this is not one of them. My margarita was average, the bread basket was good, but our food had about 25 sauces on it, and about a cup of each. There is nothing subtle about the flavors, and even if the sauces were not so heavily poured on, they would overpower each other. \nWaitstaff was friendly, and the people watching factor was great.\nEveryone seems to agree on the bread, waitstaff, and people watching. While service is very important, shouldn't the highlight be the food, not the free bread???
typical crowded and loud place with expensive drinks.  I've been in a few times to this location, and typically i would have given this place a couple more stars (not four more, but a couple).  After my visit last night, i will most likely never be returning.  Last evening i got off work where i serve alcohol and food stuffs to people, my boyfriend picked me up and we headed to sandbar to unwind and enjoy the rest of our evening.  We arrived around eleven in the evening, and my boyfriend bought me a vodka sprite.  We proceeded to dance and have fun when a bouncer approached my boyfriend and told him he had to get me out of there, but he could come back, obviously my boyfriend left with me.  i had had ONE drink!!!! now i know i can be exuberant sometimes, and im not a great dancer, but i was not by any means drunk!! nor was i causing any problems or even talking to anyone besides my boyfriend!!!  i feel insulted and i am even more shocked, because the past few times I've been there i have seen people who were clearly over served!!  i highly doubt i will ever return to this place!!
Light Up Night.  Food has good flavor but doesn't look so hot.  If I hear about the Jackie O desert one more time I'm gonna barf.
We've had the pizza from here a few times.  It's good when your order comes out correctly.  They are one for 4.  The last time we ate their one of the pizzas was supposed to be a white pizza and it had buffalo sauce on it.  How do they screw that up??  AND they didn't bother coming over to apologize, get us a new pizza or comp their screw up.  \n\nWe're sticking with Grimaldi's.
Know what we like here?\nYou can avoid the singing.\nHang out, don't sing out.
YIKES! I was hoping for a better experience. We had a late dinner here and the food was not very appetizing and the service was not friendly. The only good thing is the wide selection of food at any hour. It's like a Denny's/IHOP, but pricier.
They closed down for a while, opened with a new owner for a while, then one of the original owners re-opened it.  The pizza now is just ok.  I have had a meatball sub and stuffed shells and they are both ok.
I was with a group of ten and after finally deciding on Italian food for dinner, we headed to Maggiano's.  It was a Monday night at 8pm and it was pretty crowded.  We were told that we HAD to order off the family style menu even though the menu clearly states that they \""ASK parties of 10 or more to order Family Style.\"" There was no mention anywhere that this was required.  After asking if it was possible to order individual entr\u00e9es, the hostess looked at us like we were stupid and asked \""why?\""  I simply stated we all have different tastes and one person in our party had food allergies.  Then what looked like the manager came over and told us that the kitchen could not accommodate a group of ten individual entr\u00e9es and that the only way we could do that is if we split into two groups of five HOWEVER this would make the wait even LONGER.  We were confused because the kitchen would still be making ten orders but whatever.  We were annoyed with them already and decided to leave and check out El Segundo Sol, the Mexican restaurant right below Maggiano's.  Read my review of El Segundo Sol, they definitely took care of us!
i just ate half of a cockroach.  Gross.  Never going here again.
Save room for dessert!! \n\nHands down the #1 buffet in Nevada. I don't know if it was because we arrived for the dinner buffet at 5:30pm (open at 5pm)but everything was fresh and extremely flavorful. \n\nFirst off I tried the bone marrow since I've never had it before and that was FANTASTIC. The carving station has peaking duck, beef (forget if it was prime rib or roast beef), and turkey which was all moist and flavorful. The Mac and cheese bar was insanely good and there were about 16 ingredients you can add yourself. The counter all the way to the left had chicken that's similar to what they use in gyros and that was the best tasting meat I've had there. The truffle potatoes Au gratin and regular mashed potatoes were perfectly made. Salads, meatballs in the Italian section and Asian pork buns all the way to the right side was all good. The only thing that didn't appeal to me was the corned beef because that looked dry and I don't think anyone ate that the whole time i was there. \n\nFor dessert they have gelato, macrons, tiramisu, cheesecake, cake pops, red velvet cookies, brownie lava cakes, beignet station and many many more. I literally tried a bite of everything there and had no room left. We've been to all the buffets on the strip except for the $85 seafood in Balleys and this is by far #1.\n\n\nEdit 5/3/12\n\nWe recently went and the quality of the food is slowly going downhill. They are changing the menu and some dishes are not hot (temperature wise). We haven't gone as much anymore as we used to after the last 2 visits.\n\nEdit 7/4/12\n\nThis place is garbage now. They changed a lot of the food stations for cheaper unappetizing dishes. This is what I expect from lower end hotels but for a place that used to be one of the best, it's a place I'll never step foot in again.
I've been here a number of times and usually it's okay; not much to write home about and not really worth my time to review it and say that it's just okay. Well tonight, it was kind of anything but okay. I got to the club early by accident and the security guard asked if I was a guest. I said I wasn't staying at the hotel, just guestlist. He said, \""Okay, you'll need to go to that line over there\"". So I go to it. He waits a few seconds and comes over to say \""Oh, and the club doesn't open for 25 minutes.\"" Couldn't have told me that first? I come back and wait for almost an hour. Not unexpected but still annoying. A girl goes around checking guestlist and handing out tickets. She ignores me and doesn't check to see if I'm actually with the people around me (I wasn't even talking to them). I get to the front and am told I can't go in without a ticket and then promptly ignored. The super nice girls who are now behind me (since he started letting people behind me in) have a ticket for three and there are two of them. The guard says that works and lets me in. We go to get our IDs checked and the guard won't let me past because I don't know their names. He then sees that I'm a local and says \""Oh, that's okay then\"". Couldn't have checked my ID first? I manage to get in without a hitch after that but seriously?! I really only come here for special events and that's the way it's going to stay... If I come here at all.
I bought myself one of the gold LUCKY necklaces for myself for my birthday and just wore it yesterday for the very first time and it's already horribly tarnished. For 40 bucks, I expected far better quality. Very disappointed.
stopped in the minute I spotted the place. fake chicken burger was fabulous. Fish tacos were a bit over baring  .  Salad was a waste of time. cucumber, mint water was very good. However there were no prices so the total was a shock! Not sure I'll go back
Buyer beware: if you're looking for a company for SEO or any other website services, DO NOT use this company! My company signed a contract with Fasturtle with one of our sites ranking (at the time) #1 on Google. Two years and tons of money later, one of our websites has fallen off of Google completely and our other site that was #1  had slipped down to the fifth or sixth page (we were blamed for this, by the way).No proactive actions were taken when the rankings began to slip. We received no warnings when suspicious links were found (by us!) on our websites, and one of my sites was down for two days until I had a customer call and inform me it wasn't working. Fasturtle had the audacity to charge us for fixing the site that went down on their watch! Every single time we had a problem on our websites, we were the ones to locate it. Their \""customer service\"" (that's an oxymoron) is horrendous; turnover at that place is insane which says a lot (I must have dealt with at least three different \""sales reps\"" for our account) and I had countless ignored emails and calls that went unreturned. We have since dropped the disservice of this company and enlisted the services of another company and, despite the mess left by Fasturtle, are on our way back to our former high ranking. Now working with a proficient company, I can see just how incompetent the services of this company really were- I don't know what they did with our money besides let bad links on the sites, not update anything, and ignore our calls. I'm just relieved we don't have to deal with these people anymore, and I strongly caution anyone considering their services to look elsewhere.
I strongly suggest that any individual that uses this location is aware that pricing is fluid and nebulous.  Even when you ask specific questions regarding pricing, you get double speak, vague responses and a surprise at the end.  Trust is so important in a service such as this and this location has absolutely obliterated that trust.  The manner and nature of their response has added even more to the loss of trust.   Frankly... I'll never use them again.\n\n\""Caveat emptor...  Let the buyer beware.\""
Totally underwhelmed by our first visit here. Slightly embarrassed as we took friends visiting from out of state here. Food was fair. I was afraid it would be cold for as long as it took to get it. They were not that busy for the wait we had with server to get us the bill. We were actually ready to get up an go find him. I guess we were anticipating more since they have been open for awhile to get kinks out. Looks like construction is still going on. I will be hesitant to return.
They lost my credit card!!!!\n\nWhen we were ready to leave we gave our waiter our credit card to pay for the bill.\nWe waited five minutes, ten minutes, and fifteen minutes! Started to get a bit anxious that nobody would come back with our card. When he finally came back . . . with our check yes, but not with our card,  he told us that the card had been lost in the way to the register but he was sure it was there and he was going to look for it, find it and bring it back.  After 30 minutes again, no card, of course.  \nI decided then that it was too long to wait and made a call to our bank to block the card.\nthis was the card we were going to use for most of our travel expenses.  What a mess!\nI'm very disappointed and would not recommend this place, not just for the fact that they lost our card, but for what they told us after finally revealing that the card was definitely lost.\nExact words and I'm quoting \""We apologize for the inconvenience, can you please give us another card to pay for your check we promise this time we won't lose it\"".  UNBELIEABLE!!!!!
Never again. I have one positive for our stay but that does not out weight the list of negatives. The positive a suite with two bathrooms. Now all the things that are wrong. The bed is old so old that at a 130 lbs I was sinking that shouldn't happen. Plus there was some rather questionable stains on the headboard, cleanliness doesn't seem to be important here. The service for the restaurants was a notch below mediocre. The seafood shack the worse food and service in this place. I miss the old restaurant that use to be there but then again I miss what the treasure island use to be years ago. Now it's a place that needs a full overhaul top to bottom inside and out staff included. The absolute worse part was the location of our room. We paid for a suite and with suite prices I expect something a little more. Not sleeping one block away from a train that goes all night long. And blows the horn right outside the window. Wtf I have never been so tired on a vacation before. This hotel is small, dark, and just getting older. Stay here if you have no other option otherwise look elsewhere for a nice trip.
As my last post indicated. Goodyear has three car wash facilities that I'm aware of. \nCar Wash #2.\n\nTook my car here for a car wash and they \""sold\"" me on a buff/wax as well as a car wash. The Car looked good from a distance but once I got it home I had to wipe off all of the buff/wax as there was a LOT of residual and the tire rims were still covered in dust/soot.\n\nI pre-bought a carpet shampoo and took it in a day or too later for that service. The carpets look as though the dirt was cleaned up to the surface of the carpet then left to dry. \n\nOK, fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me! I'll never return to this facility again!
After reading great reviews on yelp, I decided to take a cab trip here to get in some vintage shopping while on vacation. It was a $20 fare from the strip and I got here right at 11. Imagine my frustration as I stand here at 11:45 and the place never opened! There is no sign saying why, no notice on their Facebook page and no one answering their phone... not even a professional answering machine explaining store hours, etc. Needless to say I'm now waiting for my cab ride back to the strip. What a colossal waste of $40 in cab fare. Very disappointing!
I had the sliced beef pho and it was alright, except it was $7.95 for such a small bowl. It makes it seem as if the bowl is bigger, but really it's cylindrical from the bottom and has a wider top. Maybe I would have gotten a better price had I gone to a legit pho restaurant, I'm not sure because I'm not from Madison. \n\nThere was more broth than noodles and there may have been like three slices of beef in the size of elephant ears. Our first server who greeted my friends and I was generally nice, but her coworkers...not so much. Perhaps they were new, I wouldn't know. We had to ask for two waters at least three times from three different people. I honestly could have gotten up, grabbed the cups from the shelf, and poured my cup of water that was in the pitcher next to our table, in less than a minute rather than what? Almost five minutes, maybe longer?\n\nPlus, the staff are pretty rude to their chef too. He rings the little bell to let them know that food is ready to give to customers and this one girl snaps back at him, \""CAN YOU HOLD ON FOR A MINUTE?\"" Like really? We're right next to you. Take it down a notch and he's just doing his job. If the food is cold, it's on you. It's also confusing when they refer to the number of the food rather than the name. Here's an example of my friend's order: \""Who ordered an NS-09?\"" The heck is that?! It was a type of vermicelli Vietnamese soup. Are we supposed to remember the numbers? C'mon now.\n\nNot the greatest place and my complain is mostly about the staff. The pho again was okay. It just seems like another restaurant more tailored to American tastes and likings rather than ours. Just saying.\n\nAgain, hope this helps :).
Very fun atmosphere they do have the best fried chicken with wasabi mayo. I had their ramen noodles. Lacking in flavor and their pork belly could have been better. Best ramen so far is Ippodu in NYC.
LAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!  This show is totally made for sheltered people were just saying the word SEX in public is a thrill!  I was really expecting something great from Cirque du Soleil but found myself totally disappointed. There was no WOW factor to it.  Just some boobs here and there, a few dance moves, and one REALLY cheesy male stripper who looked straight out of 1981!  I would save your money (unless you're one of the people I mentioned before) and go to Crazy Horse in NY NY.  I doesn't have great reviews on here, but trust me if you think Zumanity is a bit lame, you'll love crazy horse.  It doesn't show boobs just to show boobs because he he he thats a private part!!!!  Seriously save your money!!!!!!
Picked up some Port-O yesterday and ordered my usual #5 smoked turkey, ham and cheese.  The bread unfortunately was a little stale and they barely put any meat on it.  I never really had any issues when I've been to other locations.  Anyways, I ordered the combo with chips and a drink.  The soda machine is like this crazy handy dandy futuristic machine that looks like it would be able to grab the cup out of your hand, fill it up and say thank you have a nice day.  Pretty cool.  With three people working, the customer service lacked a little bit of friendly but hey all I want is a sandwich and go -not any big conversations anyway.
If not for the delicious turkey crepe and cookies I would have given this one star. The service was horrible, the decor obnoxious and the cupcake desserts were, I kid you not,  4/5th icing (seriously gross).  Our waitress was no newbie, but maybe she had too many tables, maybe she wasn't too bright or maybe she was just so slow that she couldn't recall the order by the time she got to the computer. She totally forgot our appetizer and I appreciate the fact that she owned up to it twenty minutes later.  By the time our food finally arrived, the pasta was cold, but we were so hungry we didn't send it back.  Stick to the carry out desserts.
Bad...just really bad!\n\nWas excited to see something different other then \""burgers and fries\"". I thought, \""Oooh, Hawaiian food, great! Something different!\"" I was so wrong. First off the place was filthy and I had to wipe down my own table. Staff was rude and obviously hated their jobs. And the worst part ever and why I will not be going back, they do not properly clean the shrimp. That to me is unforgivable. I couldn't even eat the rest of my dish once I saw that. If they don't clean the shrimp and devein it properly, what else do they not clean?!! Never ever again!
I visited Sitara just after they had opened. There was a surprise inspection there at the same time. They had to shut off their oven ( which makes me wonder what was wrong in the first place) due to which we could not get any type of breads that we had previously ordered. This was told to us after waiting 30-40 mins for the food. They just got the curry along with rice and told us this is all they can make right now. No apologies, nothing. \n\nI heard good reviews about the food and went back to give it another shot. But the food failed to impress me. I tried a couple of different chicken dishes. The food was just average. Nothing great.  I even tried a bread other than the Naan. It was nothing like what it is supposed to be ( I am from India and I know what I'm ordering)
I can't believe I'm having to write this review as most of my encounters at this location have been nothing but pleasant.  Well not today!  I come in around 2pm to pick up a late lunch for myself and a co-worker.  Line is fine, no issues there.  I order a burrito bowl to go with white rice and black beans.  I know the drill.  Then I get to the barbacoa.  It's the bottom of the barrel only the fatty pieces left, so I say you know what, I'd rather wait for the next batch.  She looks at me like I'm crazy.  She's like what do you mean.  Again, I'm like I'd rather wait for the next batch than get what's left.  Now here's what pissed me off.  She turns around and laughs and says something to the other dude in Spanish. Oh no she didn't.   I should have left right then and there and I wish I had.  \n\nLook, they're going to have to bring out a fresh batch for the next person anyway and I said I'm fine waiting.  I don't get what the big deal was.  Haven't any of you ever gone to a pizza place, saw the last dry slice all by itself and said you'd wait for a fresh pie?\n\nSo then she calls me over with some dry pieces that they brought from the back in a new bowl.  Seriously?  I'm not dumb chic.  I'll wait for the next batch.  As I'm waiting a couple minutes later another guy walks up and says the same thing and she's like, no problem it'll just be a couple minutes.  Oh really?  I see how this goes.  I mean, come on.  How hard was that?\n\nLike I said I've been here before, made small talk, joked around with the other staff and walked out with a smile.  It's the end of an era 7th Ave and McD because I won't be going back in there again.
If you want to cold breakfast then you may want to stay home and eat cereal. Absolutely horrible service and the manager \n Gerti Gjika is unapologetic when asked why the eggs/pancakes/French toast is served cold.
Ate there for Valentine's dinner.  Too expensive.  Portions very tiny.  No bread.  Salad was tasty enough but consisted of about two tablespoons of mixed Greek salad.---I'm not kidding.\n\n  My dish was salmon.  The fish was cold and the sauce was congealing.  Had to send it back for reheat.  My Valentine's was sword fish, which consisted of about 3 one inch square pieces. Also cold. \nNo bread, no Pita bread.  The sword fish was about $24, and the salmon, about that much, too.  The wine list was all Greek wine, and the glasses the wine was served in were like little toy glasses, not real wine glasses.  Our waiter was kind of lackadaisical.  \nThere were food splatters on the white wall next to the table.\n\nWhen a short woman made rounds about the tables to ask how we liked our food, we didn't  trust ourselves to even get started, and mumbled, \""thank you.\""  All the \""Best of Phoenix\"" favorable reviews were at least 10- 20 years old.\nThe bathroom had toilet paper stuck to the wet floor of one stall, and the toilet installed inches from the side wall in the other stall.  Weird.  There was a table with chairs outside the bathroom, like they seated overflow guests there.  Weird.\nWe vowed never to go back, and remembered maybe that's why we hadn't been there for years.  Better to eat at Crazy Jim's or Greek Town. \nSave your money.
2 and 4 stars. There's no value in them. If a place is a four that means it's better than most, but there are specifically designated spots that are better. I'm not taking home silver, ok? But if a place is a two that means it's moderately bad. It's obviously not good. It's probably actively bad. But the 2 star gives it a special designation that neither 3 nor 1 stars gives it. There are better basic bars. This is boring.\n\nTo be honest, I'd rather come to this bar than other bro college bars. To be honest, I'd much rather go to some other bro college bars than this bar. It's just middle of the road bro-ey and college-ey. Sometimes friends or family or pretty girls will want to go here, and you know, that'll sway me more than any dumb opinion I've ever formed. But I don't want my memories of Madison to be, \""I won a bunch of cheap drinks at flip night and that's how I met your mom.\""\n\nYou all have a friend who has done that. Maybe two of them. They might be in love. Think about how nice those friends are. I'm sure they're really, really nice.\n\nThis may seem like an indictment of all college bars in Madison, and maybe it is. To be honest, I haven't stepped foot in this spot for years, so I don't even really know. But if you feel so compelled to read a review of this historic institution, I do have a few questions do pose to you. Where do the musicians hang out? The grad students? The aspiring politicians or theater kids? The kids that rap or throw paint on walls? I don't mean where do you see them, because of course you'll see them here. They're all pretty much bullied to come here, and they don't like any other spot in this city enough to complain that this place is not as cool.
This place is absolutely disgusting. I'm not sure what they serve as chicken, but it's definitely NOT chicken. And don't bother coming here if your vegetarian, the pho broth is beef even though the woman will tell you its vegetable. Don't know how this place is still in business.  SKIP THIS PLACE!
take my advice if you can eat somewhere else do service was slow brooklyn sphagetti and meatballs was a joke after 2 trys and a 40min wait i finally gave up and just ate the slop they put in front of me what a waste of time turn this into mcdonalds
We were excited to find a vegan Thai restaurant, so we decided to try it.  I can't say we were impressed.  Although vegan, it was not organic.  The food seemed to be uninspired and lacked flavor. Two redeeming qualities....the restaurant was very clean, and the staff was very friendly.  Our waitress took time to explain items on the menu and offer suggestions. We will not return.
I will not ever go back to this place...\n\nMy out of country relatives were about to leave the town and we decided to take them out for a dinner at Khoury's. Place was absolutely empty that evening so I thought we will get full attention of server and the kitchen staff but it turned out that they didn't care for us bringing them business that night at all.\n\nWe ordered $40 dinner specials and it was a worst disappointment ever. Bread was stale and turned into dried up pieces within 10 minutes. Soup was OK. The worst part was the entrees. Lamb shawarma was dry and had a funny taste to it. Rice looked like it was re-heated after sitting in a container for a while. I really tried to eat the meat but it was so unappetizing that I gave up after a few bites. My relatives were not happy eaters either. After a bit of a hesitation I tried to explain to the server that our food (especially for the money we paid) is far from acceptable. She was apologetic but told us that she cannot do anything about it and she has to call the manager. \nAfter some time so called manager showed up (he claimed to be a manger but I know he is the owner) and gave us \""I don't really care\"" look and offered 10% discount and some food to go. This is a slap in a face! We didn't like the food in a first place and now we are being offered same horrible food to go! 10% discount - please.... I don't want to pay for it at all the way it was prepared! In the end I didn't want to argue  (especially in front of our relatives that don't speak much English) and settled the bill as it is.\n\nP.S. Upset stomach for 3 people in our party till next day... \nWorst $100 ever spent on dining out.
I am an avid shopper at Banana Republic and will likely continue shopping in the future. That said, I will not shop at the Banana Republic store in the Chandler mall. I shopped at this location a number of times since it is near my home; however, my recent visit to the store has since caused me to re-evaluate the need to shop there. The service the employees provided was extremely poor and at times, very unprofessional. I was quite surprised since there were few customers in the store and ample time to address any questions one might have. Additionally, the employees were preoccupied with their discussion rather than trying to be of assistance.\n\nSorry BR, I think I may drive to the Gilbert or Ahwatukee locations.
My wife brother and i went there last night and was really hoping for a great experience\n\ndid not have it first issue was they were busy hey usually I am ok with that because that means it is a great place but the reason they were busy was it seemed the employees were overwhelmed it took twenty minutes to get to front and order once ordering we were told a list of things they were out of so we ordered and like many people that frequent here they nmay have heard of it from Shark Tank , well on Shark Tank they promote like a 3 minute waqit from order to ice cream in hand well it was more like fifteen minutes once getting to front the cashier/ice cream maker took another five minutes to realize that I was waiting to pay then was able to pay and asked for napkins well it appears they are out of napkins (this was a Friday night in Mesa Az how are you out of napkins at an ice cream parlor) once I was able to enjoy the ice cream I found it underachieving it was bland.\nAll in all I would rather go to stone cold creamery I drove out of my way about 15 miles for this place and will not do so again
Disappointed.  Not that it was bad, but I could have made this food.  No real WOW factor, and given the neighborhood, they really need one to survive long term.  The place just came off as mediocre.
I went to the one on 7th ave & mcdowell , and it was the worst Philly cheese steak I ever had.  This place is way overrated and overpriced!!!
I frequent this place a lot because 50% of bands play this place when they come to Pittsburgh. The staff is always rude and security is a joke...the guards are always ALWAYS trying to pick up girls. This place is crammed for the capacity that they hold. You walk in and literally the merchandise stands are right in front of you with the ends of the crowd right there as well. The stage is one of the smallest and most awkward you'll ever see. \nAlso... parking...FORGET ABOUT IT! There's a few lots on the street if you find a spot. Don't even try street parking. The McDonald's next door are crazy about you not parking near their location and they close at 10 so no one after the show can order. \nI also dont think I enjoy watching the band and crew almost get hit by a car every time they get on/off the bus.
Avoid at all costs. Request Linda if you feel like being belittled while you eat your reheated processed food stuffs. Terrible: more than just a name.
The place is nice as it is decorated with interesting fish in fish tanks all over the place. The service here is horrible. The waitresses are rude. The food is nothing special and super expensive. Do not recommend, especially if you have kids that hate waiting 30+ min for their food:/
The only reason I gave 2 stars was because my  coupon book was nice lots of free drink coupons, club LAX was nice and I love the bling out T shirt I bought at the gift shop. I only stayed here because my BFF was getting married and I needed to be close. If I would have known what I know now I would have stayed next door.  I took one for the game. I felt like I was at Motel 6. The room was smaller then my dressing room at home. (ok bad example my dressing room is overly large. )The room was hot all weekend long I think it's cause the angle of the windows I don't know I'm not an architect but I'm use to the best. The  toilet was cracked and the elevator omg  lets just say don't drink and ride. And don't ride drunk it's a bumpy ride. Oh and the buffet was terrible I wish I had read the Yelp reviews before I went.  Everywhere you went  in the hotel someone was trying to sell you timeshare(look lady i just need directions) I felt like i was in Mexico.  I  go to Vegas alot and Lets just say the Luxor has never been on my list of places to stay and I see why.  And who don't have WiFi anymore? The luxor only has two places in the whole resort where you can find a hot spot.  That is crazy I think they should take the resort fee off for that.
Deeply disappointed. This was a very special occasion and someone who is a part time chef recommended it.  Got there right after sunset on a week night. Completely dead. The whole dinner was rushed. The server, Amy, kept coming back to tell us this that and just talked way too much. We did not come to see her.  The entrees were super fast even before the wine?!  The restaurant itself was beautiful and the private booths would be a real treat but I doubt there will be a next time. The king crab was swimming in sauce and was $50 with not that much of a portion. The salmon was  undercooked.  We were comparing this to the ocean club...not for long as the ocean club always had great king crab and anything else on the menu.
why did I go back here?? I have no idea, but I will not be back ...ever!\nOrdered the buffalo chicken bites and the chicken was so overcooked that it was hard as a rock..yuck!\n\nAnd also there was only one server..which was ok because they were not busy, however, she decided to go out to have a smoke and then returned to our table to see how we were doing and the smell made me sick..do not go smoke and then return to a table smelling like that..very gross.
Swanky capital of the world. \n\nIt's only M&S i kept saying to myself, as I was passed around from Customer Service rep to manager to checkout girl, each showing me nothing but contempt and making me feel like I wasn't welcome in the shop. \n\nI think it had something to do with my with Misfits t-shirt and my old trainers. I didn't know there was a dress code for buying a sandwich! \n\nTighter than Jenners, avoid.
Such a difficult company to deal with.  Or maybe it's just my agent Debbie.  I try to deal with them as LITTLE as possible.  I would not have used them had I not liked the place I live so much.  EVERY time I have to contact her it's a pain.  I've had a lock box on my door for over a month because she \""forgets\"" to come get it.  Apparently her time is much more valuable then mine - I call with a jury duty notice for the owner, that I MUST drop off to her today.  Shouldn't she pick it up so she can finally take the box off my door??
Going to the DR's office is bad enough, but this place takes it to a whole new level of low.  Seriously, I interacted with about 4 or 5 different people (because that's what happens when you get herded like cattle) and only the PA that finally saw me could crack a smile or be the slightest bit friendly.  No kidding, all the assistants, receptionist, billing person, EVERYONE had something seriously shoved up their you-know-what.  I mean come on people, you're working in a doctor's office, you could probably get that checked out??\n\nI will NEVER return.
With dishes ranging from unpleasant to mediocre to excellent, this was a difficult score to determine.  Ultimately I decided on 2 stars because of the price - for Prado's prices I expect consistent excellence.\n\nThe salad I ordered for lunch was accompanied by some lovely manchego cheese, however the greens were soused in what tasted like pure balsamic vinegar - too much of an acid trip for either me or my husband.  A couple other small plates for lunch were edible but forgettable.  The paella was a bland disappointment. The soft shell crab appetizer was fantastic, as was the whole roasted oratta (sp?), a Mediterranean fish.  \n\nThe service was completely lacking - once our dinner was served we were completely left to our own devices - pouring our own wine, no water refills, etc.  At lunch we were left waiting with our menus for  about 15 minutes before our orders were taken - it a nearly empty place.  Maybe I'll pop in again for whole fish, but there are too many better places to drop a couple hundred for dinner.
Poker Room Review (only):\n\nI always look for the good things Casino's have to offer and Rivers Casino started off doing things right. The desk staff was very helpful in getting me started with a comp card and telling me about the games. It was my first time here and the only gaming I wanted to do was play some poker.\n\nThe poker room was a good size 30 or 40 tables and it had the usual games NL, LH and Omaha. While I will never critic the level of play of players, the games were active with lots of action.\n\nMy objection with the facility was the lack of cleanliness. The poker room was littered with beer bottles, water bottles, plates, napkins, etc. It was just not only my area of play, it was throughout the poker room. I have played in most of the poker rooms in Vegas and AC; and have enjoyed a facility that has pride in keeping a room well maintain.\n\nAdditionally, the bathroom had no hand soap. This is bad on my book for a plethora of reasons. While I did see the bathroom service a couple of times it still lacked soap. While I mention to staff about soap situation; I just found another bathroom fully stocked at the other end of the Casino.\n\nWould I come back; yes, if I happen to be in town. It seems the Rivers Casino is the only game around so, putting up with some dirty floors and so on, is not the end of the world. Water and soda is comp, but beer and liquor you pay. Corona at $4.50 not bad, but com'on man I need to be Comped.
We live really close to Carolina Ale House so were very excited when it opened!  We have been many times.  As a bar- it's a good spot!  As a restaurant.....NO.......\n\nI have now tried a salad, fish and chips, nachos, their sampler platter and the Reuben.  Nothing has been great....I'd rank it along with all other chain bar food.  The Reuben was the worst I've EVER had!  The bread was not grilled, it was cold and just tasted \""off\"".  I hardly touched it and the server did not ask why.  She was also MIA for about 5-10 minutes after the food was run which was frustrating because I needed 1,000 dressing to try and revive the sandwich, which was unsuccessful.\n\nIf you want a beer head here!  If you want edible food, don't bother.
We had a mixed experience here last night. The interior is pleasant, and we had an enjoyable time most of the evening despite disconnects with the food.\n\nMy wife's salmon was perfectly cooked -- cooked through but still moist and tender. Beautifully done. Bravo to the line cook. But the sauce wasn't just tart, it was sour and so thick that it came across almost like a bottled sauce.\n\nWe had that same feeling with a mushroom barley soup, which had a smooth and oddly thickened broth for what they claim is a \""homemade\"" Italian soup. It was okay, but certainly had no soffritto or fesh base of any kind.\n\nThe gnocchi was on the dense side, and the cream and tomato sauce was underseasoned.\n\nFinally, the Parmesan cheese. It's not freshly grated. It's in a little glass jar, and looks and smells and tastes like the stuff out of the green cardboard cylinder. Yet another cheap shortcut.\n\nDespite all this, we were enjoying our wine and having a good time when the check arrived. We'd used a Groupon, and the waitress had already written in the tip for 20% of the full amount. Okay, fine, that's about what she should expect, but it made us feel bad. She didn't trust us to tip her because we'd used a Groupon, so she did the math for us, and to change the tip we'd have had to make a fuss. \n\nMediocre food isn't the end of the world, but being made to feel cheap and untrustworthy ruined the evening.
Always packed but i dont really like their music selection and the way the stage and dance area is set up. slippery  and dirty. always drunk people standing on tables and spilling beer. everything is sticky
So I don't know where all these people are normally getting their Chinese food but this place is GOD AWFUL and I really think the owners have paid these people who have reviewed this place with me. I wouldn't eat here again if you paid me. \nI got the panflet sent to me in the mail and it actually delivers to my apartment which is rare so I figured why not? FAIL!!!! I should have taken my normal 10 minute drive up to Indian School. \n\nFirst off the women answering the phone was rude but I digress. Second off this place is not cheap and I wound up paying almost 30 bucks for little portions of god awful food.\n\nThe Hot and sour soup is awful. I couldn't eat it. Who puts pork into that soup? It wasn't even spicy!!! It also smelled terrible. It looked like a mish mosh of whatever they had lying around the kitchen and then they soaked it in the leftover eggdrop soup.  It didn't contain the usual mix of chinese mushrooms that you would normally find along with that dark brown chili broth that I live for.\n\nThe fried rice was dry as a bone and the expensive 10.95 pu-pu platter was a few pieces of dry overcooked pork, 1 ghetto chicken wing that we were afraid to eat and these measly little dried shrimps. \n\nThe egg rolls were dry, tasteless and inedible.\n\nI ordered the orange chicken and I seriously think that they pre-ordered this stuff from some ready- made food company and microwaved it because it started to make me nauseous. \n\nAnd now the dumplings.....It says we were suppose to get 8 and the pictures looked good..what we got was 6 shriveled little things and I don't even want to venture with whats inside. \n\nI am from New York and have had my share of bad and good Chinese and I know I will not get the quality of good NYC Chinese food in Phoenix but this is just bad, overpriced food, with a nasty receptionist and I will NEVER eat here again!!\n\nPass the Maalox please!!!
I'm giving BJ's 2 stars because the food is pretty darn good when they get the order right. I've been to this BJ's about 7 times and each time (except once) they have failed to give me what I ordered on the first try. I always come in with a group of people from work and we fax our order in before we get there. The kitchen has our order, in writing, right in front of them and still can't execute it properly. I know a veggie pizza with no cheese is a terribly complicated concept but come on! EVERY TIME! I've gotten it delivered with cheese and I've even gotten it delivered without the cheese but with sausage added! Sausage?!\n\nThe wait staff is always apologetic but the kitchen here seems to be inept.
Okay, Im seriously like not picky when it comes to this, i just want a good paint job and no dry skin left. \n\nSeriously, I asked for french tips on my toes and OMG it was so hurendous looking i just asked for all over color, then she painted my toes, yes the SKIN on the side of my toes, looks like my 12 yr old niece could of done better for cheaper. The lady that did my toes did not say a word to me the whole time and it took 15 mins. I thought pedi's toke atleast .5 hrs? I will never go here again!
had a business casual lunch planned at the stir fry which was next door to Carambas (was as the stir fry is now closed)  We decided to go to Carambas and it was disgusting. I had two carne asada tacos and a side of rice. The meat tasted spoiled and the rice was sick.  If this was not bad enough there was a fly that kept buzzing both of us- most likely could not resist the bad meat that sat on my plate. Stay away from this place and save your money.
It had been a while since I had been to Mike's so I was excited when the Groupon was available.  We ended up getting multiple Groupons for them...which I now regret.\n\nThe food is the same as it always was...good....the chicken is oddly thin...but the taste is good.\n\nHere's what I have learned that is supremely disappointing.  If you go in with kids you are pretty much shunned and ignored.  The waiter who greeted us simply held up four fingers to us.  I said yes.  He walked to the table and looked back to us.  Apparently, we weren't going fast enough because he just laid the menus on the table and walked away.  It continued like this...we had to get up to ask for the check.  The waitress only came to our table to bring our food, and the boxes and check.  She NEVER checked in on us.  \n\nThis is how it is any time we go in with children.  There were 7 other table occupied while we were in...two others with kids...I watched and it was the same for them!
I wish i would have read the reviews because on reviewer Bobby H. nailed it right on the head.  The most disappointing part is the bread.  It does not have the ablitliy to hold up to the steaming meat causing the bread to just get absolutely soft and mushy.  A nice Italian bread is definitely in need.  Another thing needed is a good  sharp provolone cheese.  The meat is good but seems to be missing some seasoning but i'm just nitpicking here.  One major plus is that they have crinkle fries...yahoo!  It's hard to find so it's always bonus to have.
Hy-Vee is not my go to grocery store, but I do go about once a month.\n\nI stopped by under the allure of getting a hot lunch and office snacks in one trip.  The location is clean, well kept, busy and things are easy to find.  I did a quick walk through the hot food, salad bar, bakery area on my way to get office snacks.  \n\nI found the snacks (coffee creamer, crackers, peanut butter type stuff) I wanted easily, and got a few impulse buys.  Everything was reasonably priced.  I then doubled back to get my lunch.  I perused the selection and decided to get the Chinese 2 Entree Combo.  The woman who helped me was kind, but possibly hard of hearing.  I pointed to my first entree selection (Jalapeno Chicken) and she put it on my plate and commented that is was delicious but very spicy, next I pointed to and asked for the Pepper Beef.  She nodded and gave me the chicken dish next to it, I saw her dip the spoon and tried to stop her but it was already on my plate.  Sigh.  Fine, I can eat chicken.  I pointed to and asked for an egg roll for my appetizer and she gave me crab rangoon, which I definitely didn't want so I said something.  She said it was already on my plate, and they were delicious and stuck the price sticker on my plate and said goodbye.  The food itself was warm, fragrant and very delicious.  Even the unwanted chicken and crab rangoon.  I will be going back to try more hot foods.  \n\nI decided I needed a dessert, and checked out the bakery.  I impulse bought the 7-Layer brownies and the caramel pecan bread.  Both turned out to be bad ideas.  The brownies ended up being terribly stale and hard.  Someone just put old, hard brownies in box and threw them on the shelf.  The caramel pecan was a dentist's dream come true! The caramel part was so hard it was painful to eat.  Not the firm, sticky good kind of delicious treat.  It was a so hard you could crack a tooth or at best pull out a filling.  Almost inedible.  I ended up throwing both out.  If you are going to buy bakery items I suggest asking them how fresh they are or even trying to apply pressure to see how hard or soft the item is.\n\nI did not have my Fuel Saver card and asked the cashier to look it up.  I know the card is tied to my phone number, as other cashiers have looked it up that way, but she said it wasn't.  \n\nI will still shop here, but this was an all around bad experience.
Why 1 star? Bad part of town, food not fresh.  \n\nWe tried on a whim from great yelp reviews.  I was in Cambodia 5 months ago and really loved some of the food we had there.  I ordered the Amok fish, which was one of the best things I ate while in Cambodia.  Sekong's tasted like a bad frozen dinner that had been reheated several times.  I didn't finish it because I was scared I would get sick. Not impressed by the beef sandwich - beef wasn't fresh, bread was too hard, cilantro seems like it may not have been washed thoroughly enough.  The egg rolls and soup were nothing to write home about.\n\nAlso, we were not aware this is not in a great part of town.  We wanted to sit facing the door but our bench was wobbly....booo.  We were on guard in the parking lot and finished our meal quickly and made our way back to the highway.\n\nDon't do it!
Just popped into Bicycle Haus this past week looking for new components for my ride. I was looking at a custom order  (~$1500 worth). Guy behind the counter was busily typing away and thanked me and said he'd call me. I walked around the corner and glanced over my shoulder. Turns out the guy was on Facebook the whole time....very disappointing.
I've been to the Buffet at the Wynn before and had a great experience, however this last time I was a little disappointed. I am a sucker for crab legs, but the crab legs this time were very salty that I could barely eat it. Otherwise the rest of the food was good and I enjoyed the dessert. My biggest disappointment, at which point I became grossed out and could not even eat the hot food anymore is when my friend and I heard the noise of a nail clipper, only to look up and see one of the employees behind the station clipping his finger nails and I'm not sure if this would make it any better but wasn't clipping it over a trash can so who knows where it was flying into???!  And to make matters worse, did not wash his hands after and assisted a customer with food.
Went in and was seated for Sunday brunch. Waited 15 minutes looked around and could see that no other tables were being served either then overheard the waiter saying they had run out of bloody Mary mix to the guys that paid for bottomless bloody marys. Didn't seem like they even cared as we were walking out. I'm not super fussy about service but it was very obvious that they don't really give a shit.
Perhaps there are less customer-friendly stores somewhere, but I'd be surprised. I went into the shop to buy my first pair of adult ballroom shoes, and despite the fact that there were no other customers, I had to ask the woman who watched me walk in if she could help. She pointed me in the direction of the shoes. She started out being annoyed that I wanted to try on different brands for comfort. Finally, she crossed her arms and glared at me, demanding to know if I was \""prepared to buy\"" shoes that day.  I would have said, Yes, except I certainly didn't want to buy from her. Appalling.
one star because its required.\n\nthis place is SUCH a let down. \nim not sure how the overall rating of this place is so high. \nbut to each their own i guess.\n\nthe waffles are crisp and then all air once you start eating. no flavor at all.\n addons are a buck a piece (strawberries, cherry pie filling, etc.) which is a little much in my opinion but alright.\nyou get unlimited coffee, which we had too wait for twice because they ran out.\nin my opinion they should keep up on that especially around breakfast time.\nalso,if you add 'hashbrowns'\nits a buck for a hashbrown that mcdonalds serves.\nseriously?\n\nthey serve you on styrafoam and make you eat with plastic utensils.\n\nthey also dont know how to cook eggs over medium.\nso if that is how you like them, order them medium well and maybe theyll get it correctly.\n\nif their quality of food was better,\nthe concept of the place would work out well.\n\nthis place is pathetic.\nwaffles at ihop are way more impressive.
Incredibly slow. Rude service. Horrible experience. Waited in the doctors office for over an hour only to get three minutes of actual treatment. After finishing my appt I had to wait another thirty minutes just to pay for the medicine and \""care\"" that was provided. The lady at the receptionist claimed she didn't work at the location and that was the reason why she couldn't ring me out and made me wait for someone else to ring me out. All around horrible experience. Stay away if you can.
This is going to be one of the hardest reviews I will ever do! Rio Mirage have been our family favorite since we moved to Surprise three years ago. Yes, it started off with a bump in the road. But this local gem have seen us three to four times a month on a regular bases! Every time we have family visiting, we would bring them to Rio Mirage! This is how much we have loved this place! Sadly, we had a recent issue. And if any of you yelpers out there think I am in the wrong? Please do not hesitate and message me! \nOn Jan. 31st, wife and myself was having dinner at Rio Mirage. We noticed a posted sign advertising a Superbowl platter @ $29.95 each. My wife knowing her work was going to have a company party on Feb. 10th. She decided to order five platters, large rice, large beans,  salsa, and chips. Totaling over $400.00, we asked since she was paying for the order that day. Can we get the Superbowl special price? We were told no! Rio Mirage said the platters special were for the Superbowl only. Since the company party was a week after the Superbowl, we had to pay regular price. Even though she paid before the Superbowl?My wife went ahead and placed the order, and still pre-paid the order. Now this is were we are upset about! I have called Rachel Gomez who owns Rio Mirage, and is their corporate contact twice and left a voice mail, I have left two messages on their website, I have sent Rachel an e-mail. All of this since Feb. 1st. As of today! Feb. 12th, we still have not received any replies from Rio Mirage!! This really saddens me, the crew they have working their is great! Always nice, fast, and really try to service you! We have gotten to know JC! The best waiter around, he also tends the bar! But now we have a very bad taste from the management and owners. Regular price on the platters are $40.00 each. Not making a big deal about the $10.00 difference per platter. But a $50.00 difference is not going to make or break this restaurant, Our biggest issue is no one every got back to us about this?\nAt the bottom of their \""About Us\"" page on their website states:\n\n\""Alex and I will always strive to deliver the best food, service, and truly desire to make your every visit a memorable one.\""\n\nRachel! With you ignoring our phone calls, messages, and e-mails. This is one statement you truly do not believe in!
This place is uber crowded. No customer service is being offered by anyone. Not the cashier not the waiters and the tables are nasty and needs to be bused. I just wanted my calzone so I could leave by it them took about a half an hour to get t to me. A fellow customer was bitchin sayin \""all I wanted were some hot waaaaang.\"" she kept on saying it over and over. She finally talked to one of the staff to see if her order was up. As he walked away she yells across the room and says, \"" don't forget my ranch dressing and my BLUE CHEESE DIP.\"" I was thoroughly entertained until I had to wait another ten mins to get my food. The calzone was decent but not at all worth the wait. I remember going to circus circus when i was younger but I don't remember it being this ghetto. I guess it's true what they say, ignorance is bliss.
No slices on the weekends, which was a bummer because I was by myself and didn't need a whole pie.\n\nMy buffalo steak sandwich, while a great concept (buffalo sauce on a cheesesteak) was salty and not what I expected. I think it might have even been gyro meat aka lamb on there and not beef. Anyhow, it was too salty and I drank a gallon of water an hour later and still feel thirsty. As you're reading this years later, I'm still thirsty.\n\nI applaud a local business and it's a fun looking place, but I hope the 'za is much better than the sandwiches. \n\nSomeone did ask me how my meal was while I was there, so maybe this means they're tweaking the menu?\n\nI'll come back again and see if things taste better.
My second time trying this place and now I know I won't be back. I first tried the location by my house on durango, and I got the pig bowl. You could read my review, but to sum it up I wasn't impressed. Tonight I was in the area and went against my better judgment and decided to stop here for dinner. This time I ordered a steak burrito with seaweed rice, cheese and sour cream. I also got the pineapple salsa on the side, which is excellent! I hadn't eaten since 11am so after 8 hours of work I was famished. I eagerly bit into the burrito and almost spit it right back out! The steak was sweet! Definitely not what I was expecting and I didn't care for it at all. I do have to say the burrito had lots of meat and it was filling. I just can't get past the sweet steak. I will go back for the coconut bark, which I got 1/4 of today. That shit is like crack! But other than that, Braddah's is not ono in my book.
Don't deal with manya ,she held our offer up a week for a better offer and ended up flaking for a cash offer the first time that fell through
TOTALLY BOGUS!! STAY AWAY!! You'll be contacted about a free resort voucher and restaurant gift card...after you attend their presentation, of course. Seemed fishy so I yelped and found these reviews, thankfully, as well as rip-off reports. Just passing on the good word...
I still can't believe it. Binkley's Restaurant (same ownership, same town) is one of my favorite restaurants in the country (seriously).  I've been there dozens of times and recommend it to people constantly.\n\nI heard that Cafe Bink was a casual establishment in town and that they had the amazing truffled ketchup & fries that I'd experienced as a part of Binkleys tasting menu. And they did. And that was the only thing on the menu that was decent. \n\nActual quote from my friend \""is this supposed to be cold in the middle?\""\n\nService was horrific, at one point they literally forgot about us. Server didn't know anything about the ingredients. \n\nIt IS is possible two have two restaurants, owned by the same chef, in the same town be literally polar opposites.
First time I came to Vegas I stayed here and was pleased. But, I think I was mostly happy to be in Vegas in general. The third time I went to Vegas I stayed here again based on fond memories, but was rather displeased. This is for old people and rednecks, and those of us trying to save 100 bucks a night. On the plus side, they comp drinks like there is no tomorrow, and they had an all you can drink night at the club. No pressure to wear your Gucci here, but you may not want to wear Levis either (dirty).\n\nYou get what you pay for!\n\nAlso, worth noting this isn't really on the strip. Need to cab or bus anywhere you go. \n\nRides are semi fun to do at least once. Bite was a reasonable show considering the place.
What is going on at this place?\n\nThis was my 3rd experience at Primp and Blow (2nd time at Waterfront) and it was terrible. I had one Groupon left and decided to use it since it was Mother's Day.\n\nWhen we arrived, all the staff seemed to be pissed off, like we walked in right in the aftermath of some horrible staff fight. It was very tense. \n\nMy service was rushed and uncomfortable. My scalp massage was awful - very rough and fast. My stylist hardly spoke to me. I don't even remember her name. I tried to strike up conversation to no avail. It was all very awkward. \n\nMy blowout was ok. In the middle of my service the stylist just stopped abruptly and said, \""I need to go take my medication\"" and walked away. Uh what? A guy that was at the front desk jumped up to continue while she left and was like, don't worry I'm a stylist. He was really sweet and apologetic (wish he had just finished my blowout). \n\nMy stylist was training another person and kept referring to my hair as \""frizzy\"" multiple times, which I found offensive. There are more professional ways to describe my hair type.\n\nMy blowout looked good when I left but fell about an hour later. That was disappointing. A good blowout will last me at least 48 hours.\n\nAfter my service, I went to the bathroom to change into my dress and walked in on one of the stylists (the one my stylist was training) PUKING in the bathroom. Omg, lock the effing door! It was so embarrassing and I felt really bad for walking in on her. I closed the door quickly. When she came out she told me she was really hungover from the night before and it sucks to be puking at work (yeah, for you and me both lady!). Really unprofessional.\n\nProbably will not return given my experiences keep getting progressively worse :/
Seriously disappointed. Saw it at 8pm on 3/13. \n\nIf you've seen the movie, don't waste your money. Over hyped and tried to be way too artsy fartsy. Seriously, there is a guys in a green suit connected to that weasel charator. Yes, I understand what they are trying to represent ,and that I'm suppose to ignore the guys, but really? I can't do it. The visuals just aren't spectacular enough for me to get past the cheesy props. Again, I understand these props are this way by design, but why? It looks stupid. One of those things I don't get, don't want to get, and kinda confused how others can get it. \n\nHate to tear down a kid, but the understudy who played simba was so annoying that I almost walked out. My 7yo daughter gave it a \""it was so-so. I liked the movie more\"". \n\nIf your taste in musicals is similar to mine, save your money. Here is my musical bio: \n\nLes Miserable - 3 stars. Pretty boring and expected too much. \n\nPhantom of the Opera - 3.5 stars at the Pantages. Maybe a four, but the sound in there sucked. \n\nMiss Saigon - 4-4.5 stars. Entertaining and visually stunning. \n\nWicked - 4.5-5 stars. Fun fun fun. What a great take on a classic story. \n\nUlalena (spelling???)- 4.5 stars. Maui story about the history of Hawaii. A lot of similarities to the Lion King, but different in that it didn't suck. The story has a guys playing the nose flute for heavens sake. Disgusting, but sounds incredible.
I stopped ordering from this place. Had to send back cold pizza after driver took 90 mins to deliver. Horrible service! So many better options than papa johns.
slow, not enough staff for the tables, no real food it's all pre-packaged salads and sandwiches, handful of small 32\"" Tv's and only one big screen. channels kept changing on football Sunday and they couldn't get Red Zone channel to work at all. it's like the worst sports bar ever.\nOnly have two stars cause the lady was overwhelmed and still nice and it's the only place with sports in this terminal.
Had a burger it was edible. Had strawberry shortcake it was ok....overall a very mediocre dining experience
The worst I have had on the road. I stood at the entrance way for 3-4 min, and that was with 3 workers, then another came up, turned her back to me and started talking to the crew. Then finally a crew member ask, how many to your guest? I then said I'm here to pick out an order... \""Oh, just go to the bar\"".... Then I get to the bar, I don't drink or smoke, but that was jus t another 5-10 mins more. Even though my pice up time has past by 10mins already. So I get my food and walk across to the hotel that I'm staying at, get to my room, go to eat my food it was the correct order..... But..... The food was COLD....... TGI, on WT HARRIS, in Charlotte NC, please get it together,, you never know who is in your presence.
Was hoping this place would be on the cheaper side. Wrong. A burger made with cheap meat (pretty sure it was pre-cooked and re-heated) and gross cheese with a coke shouldn't cost $17.50. The fries were good but not that good. The seats are ripped, the waiters so-so, and the general vibe equals meh. Will avoid this placee the rest of my trip.
I recently went here because I heard it was almost like Cheesecake Factory. However, what started off as good service (being seated fairly quickly for a large group) was a plus until we realize how absolutely LONG we had to wait for our food. Our server forgot about us or something? While everybody else around us was getting their meals, we were wondering what happened to ours?? We had to ask a person who was not even our server for BREAD. We were seriously all famished and were getting extremely grumpy. I guess the manager realized we waited long and as a kind deed, he gave us free orange juice. \n\nAfter waiting what seemed like hours, we got our food. I got the combination of the salad/fetucini alfredo and I was extremely eager to eat. Once I took my first bite into my pasta, I was disgusted with the amount of salt in it. I never taste such a salty pasta dish in my life! I thought I was the only one, but my friends tried and agreed it was extremely salty. My other friends ordered pasta/salad combo and it was super salty as well! I do NOT recommend the nasty salty fetuccini alfredo. It was so salty I didn't eat it anymore. I do not recommend this place, nor would I ever go back. I am sure other dishes were better, but I just had a terrible experience due to the long wait, our server who forgot about us, and the salty meals. Definitely NOT worth it.
This place has NO clue when it comes to pricing men's items, and I would not recommend them at all.  I consigned a leather briefcase worth close to $600, and they priced it for $90, giving me a whopping take-home of $40.  I understand the need to move merchandise quickly (and naturally, this sold in a matter of days), but cannot fathom why they would not attempt to get more money for the item.  I can only assume they did not do their research before setting the price.  Consigner beware!
It's in the Chinese Cultural Center so we thought it would be more authentic.  The sweet and sour pork, shrimp with lobster sauce, eggplant with garlic sauce, and steamed dumplings were all just OK.  The fried pork chops were way overcooked and dry.\n\nI overheard the waiter tell a Chinese family that they don't serve sauteed shrimps since the shrimps aren't fresh -- being in Arizona, not by the sea.  At least he was honest with the customer.\n\nTip: If you want the steamed dumplings, order them while you peruse the menu.  We ordered ours with the rest of the food and the dumplings were the last to arrive at the table.  We were full already by the time it came.
Attention Yelpers: The following review is only based on Maru's AYCE (All You Can Eat) sushi.  \n\nAs an avid AYCE or any buffet eating tasmanian devil, I expect the best quality, variety, service, experience in keeping the food coming  and it better be rapidly fresh! \n\nWe had plans to go to Xtreme Sushi at Southern Highlands, but some friends wanted to try Maru in Summerlin because they opened their new AYCE sushi. \n\nGoing into the restaurant was pleasing, venue was clean and plenty of space.  The atmosphere was beautifully designed, however I am reviewing strictly for the AYCE sushi experience...so here it goes. \n \nI must be spoiled from Xtreme Sushi because their AYCE sushi is EVERYTHING on the menu, except for Sashimi (read my review for Xtreme Sushi http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=Oz8Bp1NY-Szz4lvSbVsV4Q&q=xtreme+sushi)!\n\nContrary to my Xtreme appetite, Maru's AYCE sushi was only for selected items! Their regular Sushi menu looked very good and had a variety of appetizers, nigiris and special rolls.  Although going into the restaurant I already knew their regular menu merely did not have as much as Xtreme Sushi; but I went anyway with an open mind to try this out. \n\nTo my surprise and huge disappointment, they gave us a separate AYCE menu with (as mentioned) selected items and I couldn't stomach the fact that I knew I could eat all of the items from their 1 page menu in 2 breathes! Additionally, you had to pencil in what you wanted and advertising with ordering in 2 rounds! WTF??!??!!! I could not believe the fact that I have limitations to my AYCE SUSHI?? \n\nWe sucked it up, stayed and gave it a chance. \n\nFish Quality - \n\nThe nigiri sushi was good, but inconsistent. We had the following items:\n\nEscalor (White Tuna) - The first round was very fresh & buttery, but the last round it was a bit fishy almost rancid. \nUnagi - A little soft and dainty, I prefer mine crispy & well done\nSalmon - was a bit too orange and with a hard layer\nUni (Sea Urchin)- My first time trying Uni in 10 years! I didn't like it 10 years ago but it was very good! \nHamachi (Yellowtail) - I was pleased. Tasted fresh with good quality.\nKanpachi (Amber Jack)  - this was part of the special item which you can only order 1 at a time & only in the 1st  round. My friend ordered and so I wanted to try but at the end, they said they ran out of it! (yeah, right!)\nHokkigai (surf clam) - this was actually one of my favorites. \nRed Snapper - it was better than bad\nGarlic Tuna - I've had better\nAmaebi (sweet shrimp) - It was good\n\nRolls - We only ordered a couple of items, because you can't request 1/2 order rolls like some other AYCE places.\n\nPhiladelphia  Roll (salmon, cream cheese & avocado) - It was decent, perhaps too much sauce\nSummerlin Crunch Roll (vegetables, crab, shrimp tempura, masago topped w/ tempura flakes) - This was also one of my favorites\nUnagi Roll (fresh water eel & cucumber) - Not bad\n\n\nAppetizers - Very disappointing, Xtremely limited items and small portions!\n\nChuka Salad (Spicy seaweed salad) - Very small and I can't even fathom to review the taste because it wasn't enough.\nSalmon Skin Salad - okay\nAnother green salad that they made up - okay\nMussels - the first round it came out warm to cold, as if it was sitting around for a while. The 2nd round was tolerable.\nGyoza - not bad\nTempura - 2 pieces of shrimp and 4 pieces of mixed vegetables. We asked if we can have all shrimp and they said \""NO!\""\n\nDessert - They only had a choice of green tea and vanilla\n\nGreen Tea Ice Cream - Normal. They also refused to serve the ice cream to my friends who were done eating with their AYCE sushi, because they were still waiting for our last few items that we ordered! Weird! \n\nService - I am perplexed why they were Xtremely slow because they were not even busy. Furthermore, servers were hawking at us to ensure that we didn't share with our other friend who didn't have the AYCE and only ordered Bibimbap, which she said was very good. \nOne of the servers also blocked and pushed my other friend's hands away because server insisted that one of the sushi she ordered was for her only since they were going by our individual paper menu that we had to pencil in. They also didn't give some of our order at the end and said that they ran out of it. Towards the end, the sushi portion became smaller and smaller! Very disappointing indeed! \n\nI give Maru 1/2 star for some of the fish quality and another 1/2 star for the owners greeting us out as we were leaving. The owners were very nice and said to come back again. I advised them that I couldn't come back because your servers cut me off in my AYCE sushi. She said that she will spank them, so owner well deserved another 1/2 star! \n\nWould I come back here again? Perhaps and only for the korean bbq which I have been told is really good! \n\nOther than that, I will only go to Xtreme sushi because they guarantee to satisfy my Xtreme appetite without any limitations and I get my $26 worth!
Errrrrr, definitely NOT the best Wendy's in Crown town. Adequate......
My husband and I went for dinner the other night and there was just one woman working.  We ordered water for drinks and after sitting there for 20 mins waiting we decided to take off.  Really really bad customer service.
I'm having a hard time rating this place. The pedicure is awesome, I would give them 5 star but the facial was terrible. My mom came to visit and I wanted to have some quality time together. I wanted to relax a little so I booked a facial for me and one for my mom. Our apt was at 1:30 and we got started 1:45 or so. The girl was very nice, and friendly. However, the relaxing was awful. I would say that was the most terrible relaxing experience ever. Their massage rooms are in the back and people kept talking loud and also going outside using the back door that was squicking every time was opened or closed. The girl that was doing the massage asked people about 3 times to stop making noise but they didn't stop. I would go for a pedicure but I will NEVER have a facial at this place again.  I wanted this place to be the place I go to relax since is near my house,  but it's not.
Did not care for Miracle Mile shops at all...the least exciting of the Strip shops - selection is that of a regular mall, no labels you couldn't find elsewhere. The sole redemption of Miracle Mile shops might be Sephora for last-minute needs. Don't  care for the crowd here - can be sketch.
So 45 days a bit steep for 'special' order sectional, but we dealt with it and it's fine.  I am disappointed in the delivery options and the lack of employee support in helping us find a date to work.  Maybe IKEA should have been our pick. We will share bad end of experience with friends and family unless they don't mind waiting over two months for furniture to arrive.  For now, we will continue to sit on our floor...
I saw it on Man vs. Food, so I had to try it.  But, it was so-so.  I think the food was better than the \""Denny's\"" comment below, but the service really left a lot to be desired.  We came in after lunch was over, and I think we got stuck between servers coming and going.  That does not make it alright, but I am trying to be objective.\n\nThe biggest complaint - OVERPRICED!!!!  $70 for lunch for 5 is stupid expensive.  The portions are really big, but taking a to-go box in Phoenix in the summer just isn't possible.  I would rather have paid less and gotten half as much food.\n\nAs to the sliders - they were good, but a little overrated.\n\nAll in all, I went, I don't hate it, but I am not hurrying to go back.
Disappointed. I got the lunch special which is a good amount of food for the price. But the food wasnt worth it. It wasn't hot, barely even warm, the enchilada sauce was too thick, and I think they could try a little harder. I'm back to going to Rositas.
Prices are as follows \n\n1 8x10 = $16.00\n2 8x1= $25.00\n2 5x7=$16.00\n4 5x7=$25.00\n\nAny way you get the picture, (no pun intended) this company goes to your childs school and take their pictures.  You have no obligation to buy anything how ever if you want to keep memories of your childs per-k school pics then you will buy it. \n\nI ordered a 8x10 with a specific back ground and the name and year, it was hilarious not only did they mess up my order the only thing they did to rectify was offer a free 8x10 that I already didn't like. \n\nCCSD you need to find another company for photography.
If you like small, overpriced, and bland menu this is for you. \n\nThe building is nice, but small and had only 1 bathroom for all guests. \n\nThe food choice is very limited unless you LOVE omelets. Otherwise you're out of luck. Don't waste your time or money.
The Place Is Nice But the Staff is the rudest Staff I ever met.\nThe Bill it's Crazyyyy Like if you're Buying Gold ,Ridiculous....\n2 Bottles Of Vodka plus 3 plates of Appetizers we payed  $1800.\nWe went the Next Day to try the Swimming pool they said they need to charge us $1400  to get it.\nThat's Fucked up........\n................................................................................................................
Why is everyone so gassed on mums? I think this place and its staff believe its own hype a little bit too much. Don't get me wrong the food is OK...but the milkshake was so milky and I like my milkshakes thick with loads of ice cream. The date pudding dessert was gorgeous but my venison stew and mash were totally average.
Made my last shopping trip to B&C today, customer service is terrible, I was made to feel I did something wrong by spending $400 the other day on a Spider & Blet and then having to exchange the $31 belt for a $29 belt today because the $31 belt didn't fit. \n\nWhen I ask to just get the $2 refund (I paid cash) they acted as if I had asked for their first born, made excuse after excuse, told me that it would \""Look funny if they returned the $31 item and gave me the difference of $2, would look suspicious in their computer\""....really? Exactly how is it suspicious to refund me my $2?  I understand the All Sale Final and it makes complete sense on lens, cameras, and other things that people might try to buy and return instead of renting, but the belt had all of the original tags intact and had been purchased 2 days prior.   \n\nTheir attempt to make it square with me, and not refund my $2, was to give me a cleaning cloth priced $9.95, the beauty of this..... was that she totaled the register and says to me that will be $8.06 ...SERIOUSLY... I just stared at her for a minute, and then told her I am not spending another dime in here, I never wanted the cleaning cloth in the first place, as I have a hundred at home.\n\nThe other employee in the store (male) says just discount the cloth so that is free.... Ok, so let me get this straight, It looks better in their system to write off a balance of a sellable item then it does to simply give a customer their change??? WOW.  Best part was she could not for the life of her figure out how to make it zero out with tax.  At this point I just told them just forget the $2 and give me the new belt and they can just keep the dang money. It was $2 for gods sakes.\n\nAt this point the male employee comes over and with a snarky tone says \""Just give her the $2 I will take it out of my pocket\""....AGAIN SERIOUSLY!!!!  I was treated like I was doing something wrong.  I explained that this would be my last time shopping there, and that I would make my purchases on Amazon or at the trade shows where I am treated with some respect. \n\nJust a suggestion B&C, you might want to start training your 20-something employees some customer service skills. $2 just cost you a customer...keep in mind it isn't because of the dollar amount but rather principle and the way I was treated.
Only tried their caramel soy lattes here, but my friends tried other coffee drinks. I am not a  big coffee drinker but I am picky with coffee when I DO drink it and I think this place is OK.  We went here because we stayed at the Cosmopolitan and could not find a coffee bean or starbucks nearby. However, we were not disappointed, nor were we uberly-impressed. BUT their staff was exceptionally friendship and amazing and for that reason, I would definitely go back!
Went there this morning and our waitress was Kathy.  My husband ordered steak and eggs medium rare. Our order came and his steak was well done.  I noticed the girl at the other table had a long, thin steak and it was medium rare although she ordered well done. Both tables sent back the steaks (after our waitress confirmed our order as if we said it wrong) and moments later new steaks came out, only they were the same ones delivered to the correct tables, meaning my husband got the other girl's steak. As Kathy placed the steak down, she said the chefs cut into the side (over a 2 inch cut) to confirm the temp. My husband and I both looked at each other in shock!  This is a health code violation to place food on a table, then reserve it to someone else. Our waitress kept eyeing us because she knew we knew what she did and after she asked if anything was wrong, she argued that both steaks were in the window. We said we don't want it and she said I'll remake it. \n\nNeedless to say, we are beyond shocked with the professionalism of our waitress and the level of service this place conducts. I would seriously think twice before going here ... You might get someone else's leftovers.
Stopped in with my wife for a late dinner.   Bean and cheese burrito was good, but the rest was just so-so and for some reason the servers were not very friendly.  Projecting negative energy creates a negative environment.  We had been there one other time and it was better service-wise, but not very impressive this time around.  If you like friendly personal service, I don't think this place will impress you.  Food is okay, but in my opinion not amazing.  We wont be going back anytime soon.
I must be the only person in Phx never to eat here. Ok, so we did finally go before Phantom. Mixed reviews here.I love Peiwei so assumed I would love this place too.I did not.  I am at a crossroad as to give it a good review or a bad so I  will just say what happened noting what I liked an disliked about the experience.  We got here at around 4:45 which was good because by the time we left the place had a long wait and was packed. The first thing I did not like is the way it is set up. Tables all over the place with no spaces to walk in between. It was very odd. I found this very annoying and I am sure a nightmare for older or handicapped people. It seemed very weird for me to be banging into people's elbows as I walked by their tables. The service was very good at the start but died when they got busy. Although the manager here was great, printing out nutritional value menu for me and another waitress walked me to the bathroom. Our server was ok, seemed a little ditzy but was ok, not great just, OK. I ordered a wedge salad with chicken and got a wedge salad with no chicken. I ate it all before I realized it. (I know don't ask. I guess I was starving and the blood drained from my brain) I did not want the waitress to think I was trying to scam her. I pointed it out and said it was Ok since I did not point it out sooner and after all I did eat it all but just an FYI for the cook. She did not seem very concerned and I think this is a huge mistake for a place to make. They did not comp the bill the difference which I think they should have even though I said it was ok.( The salad was good but there was a three dollar difference in price) I worked in the restaurant business for years and comping the difference would  have been the very  least I would have done. I also thought that was a huge mistake on the part of the cook and server in an expensive place such as this. . Of course, I do take partial responsibility for not noticing it until it was to late and the food was good. The dressings make it. I had these awesome cucumbers too that tasted nice.  Again, it is their sauce. My friend had a noodle dish that was very tasty too. The service took along time to get the food to us though and the place was horribly noisy. Yikes! Two large parties sandwiched around us. One where children kept clinking knives on the glasses non stop and the other table had people clapping every minute about something or another. This was horrid! I like a quieter dining experience please.The last straw was when a couple with 2 very naughty kids sat down in back of us and I got wacked in the back of the head with the kid's paper that he kept flinging around and hitting his father with.A father that did not do one thing to discipline the kid.  Please if you are bringing out the kids leave if they are misbehaving. All in all the experience was not horrible but not great either. I might go back for lunch and try some more of their dishes. However, to be honest there are other good restaurants in town that are better suited to me. Since I love Peiwei i will eat there more often and skip this much pricier option.
\""Missing Owner as well as Missing Soap\""  \n\nIf you don't know, \""The Carwasher\"" is under new ownership and they are called \""Qwik and Clean.\""  However since the previous owner had his business taken away by the bank as the bank was running the business, things have not been the same.  Please see my previous 4 star review, but since new ownership has taken over, I guess soap the crucial main ingredient for a car wash was missing also.   Since I've washed my car, it has not been as clean and it seems like only water is being sprayed without any soap.  \n\nI've had my car washed 3 times since new ownership and it was because I had bought a card for 10 carwashes for $25.  However I still had 5 left. I just found out today according to new ownership, they do not honor it.  Wow!  Without any warning.  The guy working there said they are no longer \""The Carwasher\"" because they are \""Qwik and Clean.\""  Despite the big sign outside stating \""The Carwasher\"" and their receipt stating \""The Carwasher\"" we are supposed to automatically know they are \""Qwik and Clean?\""
I have had a couple good experiences here, but after going here yesterday I will never return to this location again. I feel like I was ripped off, misinformed, and my time wasted for no reason other than that the employee who rang me up didn't want to put the time in to help me and instead sent someone much less experienced to help.
I tried to rent the meeting rooms 1 & 2 for a 30th birthday event.  I sent an email to Beverly someone.  She emailed me back a week later asking for my phone number again.  I gave it to her.   No response.  Then I called and left a message.  No response.  I called again a week later.   No call back for 4 days.  She told me she would check and see if the rooms were available for the days I needed and get back to me within 24 hours.  No call back ever.   This place has terrible customer service and no way would I ever go there again.
Poorly run business. Especially for Vegas. I've waiting in line when XS was hot and the \""it club\"" for an hour on Labor Day weekend on a Saturday with a bunch of girls and this line is stupidly run with an idiot for a \""manager and business owner\"" get your shit together. Really. GET YOUR SHIT TO-GET-HER.
They now charge items by the pound... practically a rummage sale.\n\nyes... fill your cart up with whatever.. you want & they put it on the scale for .99cents a pound...items such as books furniture & electronics are at a flat rate...\nmy mom ALWAYS goes here & comes back with at least 5 full bags...\nThey put everything in bins you have to rummage thru everything..\nBooks are .25cents which is why I will go back.
I've eaten in and done take-out from here, always a burger and fries. The burgers are fantastic and both the regular and sweet potato fries are delicious. Order a basket (or 1/2 basket) of mixed if you can't decide. The low rating is the result of two poor customer service experiences, both at the take-out counter. \n\nTake-out is on the sushi side where you can call in or order at the register. While looking at the menu and asking questions about bun/cheese options, the gal at the register's attention was divided between me and a fellow co-worker (it may have been the owner). While she answered my questions, she wasn't particularly pleasant and I left feeling as though asking questions about their menu was bothersome to her.\n\nTo the staff:  Take care of one person at a time and don't rush your patrons. If you must be interrupted, be apologetic so your customers know their time and patronage is appreciated and respected. If you can't give customers this attention they deserve, add more personnel. Your food is great, but the customer service could use improvement.
Second time I had there food because they're like the only ppl who deliver around here. WORST FOOD. The lo mein is good though
Went here on the 4th and it wasn't too pleasant. They sat us in a tiny confined booth with a family who really wanted space. So by the time we sat down we were really on top of one anthers space. The meal was ok but the friend chicken rice was TERRIBLE! That's our favorite item there and it was the worst thing we've eaten. I noticed they use a huge cube of butter while the other ones I've experienced have the butter softened in a metal bowl. The rice had absolutely no flavor what so ever. The Pina Colada was yummy! Will I eat here again? Nope not at this one.
Heaven forbid that any act I'm into is seeking a show palace out in Phoenix's paved over backyard, Mesa, Arizona\n\nShort of a Smiths, one-show-only reunion, I will never venture here just to park my happy ass 3 miles from the venue, plant my ass in an ocean of unenthusiastic knuckleheads who insist on sitting on their ledge in lieu of standing, and praying for a geyser of alcohol to emerge from Mesa's rancid underground so that I may indulge in a beverage past 9 o'clock.\n\nNo proper show should EVEN START by 10pm, much MUCH less end by that time.  WTF?  How in the world did this venue even get approved?  This is like getting a chance to party on the tour bus with Van fucking Halen, only they decided to reunite with Gary Cherone as their frontman and they all were experimenting with homosexuality that week and drank Mr Pibb instead of Maker's Mark.  A freaking nightmare this place!
This bar STINKS!! - LITERALLY!\n\nThis is the stinkiest, slimiest, stickiest bar I've ever been to. If you are drunk enough to not use any of your sense, KAMs is your place.
I love Chinese food (\""real\"" or western). And having lived in San Francisco, I'm always looking for a great Chinese restaurant. I really wanted to like this place for a multitude of reasons. And while it may satisfy some homesick cravings for those fresh off the boat, the food wasn't good enough for a second chance. \n\nAlthough you CAN dine in, don't. The staff are indeed really nice, but this place is dingy, way overlit with one of the most disgusting bathrooms I've seen in Canada. So if you decide to eat the food here, take it out.\n\nSome of the dishes (bok choi shanghi style aka with lots of garlic and the pork w/ green onion dumplings) were delicious. The double-cooked pork was popular and might be good, too, but we didn't get it.  The lamb soup? Seriously? No way. Maybe I'm missing something but little fatty pieces of overcooked, tasteless lamb in a huge bowl of thick, pasty noodles and seaweed? It actually tasted like Chinese grocery stores smell. \n\nPlace is cheap, however (all under $10 with the dumplings being 20 for $7.50). \n\nThis one could fall down onto the one-star side of the fence if i weren't for the staff and dumplings, which were hand-made by a lady sitting in the dining room stuffing them with chopsticks. \n\nRating Scale:\n1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  \n2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?\n3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.\n4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.\n5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
Been waiting in line for 20 minutes now. These guys are always very slow after 9pm but today was the worst!!!
Pampas was putrid. My girlfriend and I went because of restaurant.com, and I realize that a restaurant.com offer should be a red flag to begin with, but I work across the street from Planet Hollywood and my girlfriend is a Brazilian steakhouse aficionado. So we went.\n\nIt was a huge mistake. The service was great. Our server Marco was friendly and attentive, burdened by poor management and a sub par kitchen. But even his excellent service couldn't make up for all the problems with our meal. It started off poorly; we sat down and ordered Hendricks martinis and a bottle of Pinot - yes we are drinkers - and they were out of both. We nixed the cocktails and picked another bottle, and to Pampas' credit they adjusted the price to match the 86'ed bottle. We were optimistic, glad they went out of their way to accommodate us.\n\nThere are essentially 3 options on the menu: meat, seafood, and both. I believe the meat was 43, the seafood 48, and the combo 54. I got the seafood and my girl got the meat. Yes it's ok that sentence was funny. \n\nI am a Brazilian steakhouse neophyte, so I was a little surprised that the first thing we do after ordering was go to a salad bar. This was disgusting. Wilted salad, stale bread, and a stab at Asian cuisine that makes PF Chiang's look like Nobu. I grabbed a little Caesar salad and cafeteria pasta salad and braced for the worst.\n\nAnd worse it got. First of all, as soon as we sat down from the salad bar they immediately started piling my girlfriend's plate with food, but my seafood took 25 minutes, so that was slightly awkward. However, it did give me a chance to sample the meat. \n\nThe meat sucked. We had pork tenderloin first, which was woefully overcooked. This was followed by beef that had some kind of cheese crust that was disgusting. The procession that followed was all mediocre at best, and it was all overcooked! We went in late, like 930, so maybe that was why everything was dry and well done. But for the price I don't think it's too much to\nask for properly cooked meat. The lone exception was the lamb, which was delicious.\n\nEventually my seafood came. It came with baked salmon, cod, shrimp, and mussels. The menu claimed bacon-wrapped scallops were included as well, but we didn't receive those until we requested them. It was essentially buffet quality seafood. The mussels were cold. Only half the shrimp were actually peeled. The fried cod was hard and hot on the outside and cold on the inside. When the scallops finally showed up, they were also cold.\n\nWe skipped dessert. The whole experience was dismal, and the modicum of savings we got from restaurant.com didn't really make up for the waste of 2 hours. Planet Hollywood is simply a black\nhole for food, I would avoid the whole hotel.
This is by far the worst frys I have ever been in. I am a pretty dedicated frys shopper, however, this frys is gross and dirty. The checkout lines are always out of control long and getting through the parking lot without getting hit by a car or cart rolling by, is a miracle. Though it is my \""home\"" frys I will drive 4 miles out of my way to go to a different one.
They will rip you off forget about your deposit\nThey claim phony repair and fabricate\nDamages reports.\nSteve is a professional con artist backed\nBy nancy Li .\nSave yourself aggravation run away from this office.
I love love Cuban food so I was thrilled that there was a place so close to me.  Unfortunately, this place was a big letdown.  I've gotten food here twice and both times were mediocre at best.  I ordered the cuban sandwich the first time and the fillings looked as though they were just thrown in.  And they forgot my fries and when I asked for them, I got a side of cold, limp ones.  Next time, I got the lechon asado and it was really fatty (I know this isn't a lo-cal dish, but there was almost more fat than meat), the sauce was really bland (couldn't even taste the bitter/sour orange) and the onions were cooked until they were mushy.  Also, the servers weren't very friendly during either visit (big negative for me).\n\nThis is very sad since I was really hoping for the best for Havana Grill.
Well first off, the service is awful. I will say it's pretty inexpensive especially being in it's in a relatively high end casino so that's nice but the food just isn't that good. My friend and I ordered two completely different dishes but both got the same - essentially chicken lo mein. My other two friends both got soups and both were subpar at best. The worst part was the water tasted like they pulled it from an aquarium, not a plus.  Anyway, I'd tried to elsewhere if you have time and haven't yet lost all your money on the craps table.
Not my thing.  I feel all bloated and greasy after eating here and I never seem to make a combo bowl that is really satisfying.  I'm not going to go into any more details about this.
The price is a little high for me.  They don't give enough bean sprouts without asking for more.  The pho broth is a little too sweet for me also
Eh, good place to use comp dollars, but don't go out of your way to eat there. It's seems like what someone who never tasted real BBQ would make it they were trying to make BBQ. Decor felt forced, glad I had a Groupon. Wish we had kids with us, as there was a very talented balloon artist, the balloons were probably better than the food.
We got there just before 9 and supposedly they were cooking them fresh, but the ones my husband and I got looked good, sounded good, but were pretty tasteless hard and kind of skimpy on the filing. For how much you pay its a rip off.  Gas stations and grocery stores have better donuts.
Have to say, I've been to better. I was there later in the evening. The place was very clean, I will give them credit for that. However, they were very unorganized. They didn't know what their prices were for anything. They did have a printed price list but \""all of the prices had just changed\"". They were all debating what to charge for what. This did not make for a relaxing manicure in any way! Also, I needed my old gel/shellac removed prior to getting new. I soaked as usual, but she used an wooden orange stick instead of a metal one (not sure what it's called) and DUG at my nails trying to get the gel off. A couple of times I said \""ouch\"" to let her know how rough it was. I did finally just get the shellac off, new on, basically a polish change, with a bit of filing done because of the price discrepancies... it was going to be $45 if I wanted a \""manicure\"" and $20 just to change the color, which was reasonable. However, that was Saturday, today is Monday, and the color is already chipping and so are my nails!!!  And I was there for almost 1 1/2 hours!!  A waste of my time and damage to my nails because I need to go get them redone somewhere else today. I gave them 2 stars instead of one originally because the girl who did them was pleasant, and the place was clean, but then I don't want to mislead people. Don't go....
The juices are pretty tasty, but their customer service is poor and this is why they don't deserve more stars. Located in an upscale area they refuse hundred dollar bills.
Too crowded and music was questionable...
This place has nothing that interests me, and bad 'vibes' to boot.  The only thing worth going here for was the amazing psychic, Barbara who got fired.  Who knows why.  I heard the owner is constantly firing psychics if they are not obedient enough.  the owner of this WAS the owner of the Psychic Eyes in CA, hence the similarities.
I brought my kids here to see the white tiger. Thinking it was still in the entrance to the Mirage. It was not any more. How things have changed. Now i have to pay to see them with dolphins and other animals. So i pay to see sleep lions and tigers. Being from san diego I have been to the zoos and seaworld and that is so much better. Here we can see the dolphins but can not touch them. To me it was a waste of money. i would have rather takin them to circus circus adventure doom or game works. But you live and you learn. maybe for $10 this would be decent. Nothing spectacular. But for $50 something with 2 adults and 2 kids not worth it.
I went here based on the reviews I read everywhere and was very unimpressed. I'm not sure if the ownership has changed or if they just had an off night but I was very marginal. \n\nWe started with the pan tomate con manchego the manchego was tasty but the whole thing was just tomato sauce from a jar on bread with the cheese on top. The patatas bravas weren't quite right either the aioli was good but the potatoes needed more spice. That said overall they were tasty. \n\nI do recommend the mussels with bacon. The mussels were a little overdone but the bacon and slaw were delicious. \n\nThe biggest disappointment of the night was the paella. It tasted exactly like the 15 minute risotto from the grocery store. They used the wrong type of rice and added peas and carrots (not typically ingredients in a paella). http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20081017145924AAaVABY \n\nThe last thing we had was the braised octopus which tasted like it was boiled. Octopus has great texture but it needs some flavor to go with it. There was no sauce and it was served with cold potatoes. We couldn't even finish it. \n\nI was having a craving for Spanish food and was incredibly disappointed to find a sad imitation of it. There were multiple dishes that tasted like the main ingredient came from a package or a jar. It's very clear that whoever is running this restaurant has never eaten in a Spanish bar. \n\nThe service was only okay but it was relatively crowded so that's in some sense to be expected. The slow service was probably the most authentic Spanish touch at the bar. \n\nOn a side note I highly recommend pintxo if you're looking for Spanish food. They're more creative over there so it won't be the Spanish bar food I was craving.  However their tapas are outstanding and have Spanish flavors at the core.
The staff was all very nice and it was a very laid-back place. It was quite small though. Good for clothing, but not really any furniture or large housewares items. A small area with dishes, glasses, etc and then electronics which was mostly VHS tapes and cassettes. They have a nice-sized children's area in the back with clothing and toys.\n\nThis seems like the kind of place you might find a gem occasionally, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here since there are a lot of other places with a much larger selection.
Attempted to order a pizza from here.  Driver apparently delivered it to the wrong address.  Driver then went back without making  any further attempt to contact us .  Calling the store we were told that they would not deliver the pizza, but they kept our money.  Do not order from this store for delivery.  I would give them 0 stars  if I could.
i used to get gas here because of the promotions. a while back they were giving away cookies with the purchase of however many gallons. i went in to pay in cash and retrieve my cookie, and i found they were no longer running the promotion. the clerk rudely told me \""no but feel free to actually pay for a cookie\"".... jerk\nnot going back now!
Just called these guys in search of a specific N64 game. The guy that answered the phone stated that he didn't see the game, but we should come down and check for ourselves because he might have missed it. There's no way, in the 2 seconds he paused after I asked him about the game, that he had time to look for what I was requesting. Instead he wanted me to go down there and do his job!  Thanks for the great customer service guys! No way I'll ever stop by this store.
Menu not filled with foods that sounded good to me. \n\nService sucked \n\nChopped chicken salad boring all lettuce\n\nMini burgers not even worth 11.50\n\nI will never return to Sammy's!!!
This is a deli, and neither of us ordered sandwiches, so maybe this review is a little off.  That being said, for thirty bucks, we got two soups and the appetizer sampler.  \n\nMy soup was the daily special: Boston clam chowder.   It was a bit salty and not as thick or creamy as I would have liked.\n\nThe sampler consisted of hot wings, loaded nachos, and chicken fingers.  Both chicken dishes were normal bar food quality.  However, the nachos were lackluster.  They had movie nacho cheese on them, and I could barely taste the chili.  I could have totally skipped that option.
Wow!  These reviews are shocking.  Maybe I just went on a bad afternoon.  I'm not going to say how bad the food was, but instead I'm going to try it again - just to see if its me, or the food!\n\nWell the fried spinach tasted like sheets of greased toilet paper (if you can imagine that) and the mash potatoes had a stronger metalic after taste.  Everything about the potatoes said \""don't eat me!\"".  The fish wasn't too bad, however.  \nThe waitress stood right behind me and was bascially shouting in my ear, so much so that I moved my seat.\nBut its a real cute place, and the wine was excellent!
I had a very bad experience trying to enjoy our food but cannot cuz their services suck .. It's a very loud buffet and over price
Les poutines n'ont rien de sp\u00e9ciales. Pas plus bonnes que la plupart des poutines qu'on peut s'acheter \u00e0 Montr\u00e9al. Durant ma visite le serveur a renvers\u00e9 de la sauce sur mes pantalons blancs sans s'excuser et la t\u00e2che n'est jamais parti m\u00eame apr\u00e8s un lavage.
I enjoyed a recent stay at the Vdara and was hoping that Trump would feel the same way!  Too bad I was wrong about that. Let me start of with the positive things about the hotel: the rooms were spacious, clean and nice and the food was good. The bathrooms were large!  On the negative side:  This hotel left me wondering if it was really a five star hotel. There are no robes in the room.  The pool closes at 5pm. When you press the room service button on the phone the front desk responds (leaving me feeling like the hotel is understaffed since this happened on more than one time). There is almost no cell service and the t.v barely works.  However, I give this hotel only one star for the poor location and lack of amenities in the hotel alone (there is only one lobby hotel that sells trump t-shirts).  This hotel requires you to take a taxi almost anywhere you are going In fact, even if you want to walk to the Wynn you realize that you have to walk on the street to do so since there are no side walks.  The hotel is quiet but too quiet really. You kinda feel like you thought that you were going to Vegas but ended up somewhere else instead. If you wanna go to Vegas to sit in your room for much of your stay (or take taxis everywhere you go...which gets expensive) this may be the place for you. However, if you wanna feel like you are in the action  than this not for you.  Plus, the shuttles between Wynn and Trump stop running at midnight during the week (wait....we are in Vegas still right?). This place may be ideal for a business traveler.  But for now...all that I can say is: Donald you're fired!  I would prefer to spend my money somewhere else.
Ok this is how it is. We were hungry and happened to be at Mandalay Bay so we decided this was the spot. Vegas is known for its excellent buffets well lemme tell ya this one is far from excellent. ALL the food looks soooo pretty so much so your afraid to eat it, but then you do and you have NEVER been more disappointed by an overpriced meal that you waited an 1 hr to get your hungry lil hands on. The food was so bland, even the desserts lacked flavor! YUCK I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE AT ALL!
(I have not ate at this Saddle Ranch. This review is for SR on weekend nights after 10 pm).\n\nYou will like Saddle Ranch in Old Town Scottsdale if you are:\n\nA creepy middle aged guy\nA creepy douchebag\nOR\nAn attention seeking skank of a female who likes to ride mechanical bulls in super short dresses\n\nSeeing as how I am none of those, I dislike Saddle Ranch as a bar/late night destination. Plus the bar service sucks and you can get cheaper beer at other places.
It was late and we had barely eaten all day.  After buying the giant , FOOTBALL of booze, we decided that we wanted a proper greasy spoon breakfast.  We ended up in line at this establishment.\n\nThe wait took a while.  It turns out that there was no host/hostess, so a waitress was doing double duty.  She was hustling too.  When we got seated, we had to wait a bit for some service.  As it turns out, the whole seating chart and which waiter was taking which tables was a total clusterf*ck.  The hostess/waitress ended up taking our order eventually.\n\nWe each ordered the same thing: scrambled eggs, bacon, hash browns, and sourdough toast.  All the food turned out as expected minus the bacon.  It was dropped in a deep fat fryer and incenerated to the point where it was chalk-like.  Not edible at all.  But the rest of the meal was decent.\n\nThe bussers were slow and dimwits.  If someone tells you to bring 2 glasses of water of to our table, don't worry about putting them on a tray and gingerly walking them over.  Use your hands, pal!  Plus, they often started cleaning tables, but never seemed to finish.  This added to the whole \""line to be seated\"" chaos.\n\nBah...look, if you are starving, eat here.  But there are several other places on Fremont Street that can feed you...better.
Don't go here for breakfast. Both mine and my husband's food was very greasy, cool, and not very tasty. I usually find it difficult to screw up breakfast, but this place found a way. The service was also slow. The $40 spent on some coffee and a few eggs was the worst $40 I spent in Vegas. I will not be back!!
Everytime I eat here I get the feeling there's some old Greek man somewhere shaking his fist in disgust. It's not that the food is bad, it's just that saying that Crazy Pita has authentic Greek food is like saying Taco Bell has authentic Mexican food.\n\nThe only real draw to this place is the location. It's inside The District and very close to my work. So if you're pressed for time or tired of waiting in line over at Panera Bread, feel free to try this place. Otherwise go find yourself a little Greek mom & pop shop where a little old lady in an apron is slicing your lamb in big slabs.... aka the right way.
I'm not a New Yorker...I'm a transplanted Chicagoan. It's frustrating that there is such a limited supply of Deli's in this area-- and there is nothing that even approaches a great Chicago style Deli. This is the second time I've eaten at Chompies, and both times have been a huge disappointment. \nThe other night we went for dinner. We felt like we sat forever before someone waited on us. Then she disappeared- more interested in taking pictures of a group of slider eaters in back. Another waiter showed up later...looked at me and asked me if I was the \""mashed potatoes\"". I said yes, and he told me they were OUT of mashed potatoes. Since I was having hot turkey-- this was quite disappointing. After much more waiting, I ended up asking when our meals would arrive ( we had been there an hour already) My plate of turkey with dressing and their interpretation of french fries arrived...with congealed cold gravy on the side. Everything was SOOOOoooo salty, it was borderline inedible. My husband got what they consider a ham and cheese omelet. Scrambled looking eggs with slices of cheese on top. Mediocre at best. \nI doubt I'll return for a meal, other than to buy bagels from their take out.
This place sucks.  Pre packaged or microwaved. I can't tell which. Either way, horrible quality frozen meat. Will never be back.
We stopped by this little watering hole for some pina coladas and beers while exploring Paris Casino.  There was literally a napkin on the bar that said \""Be back Soon\"".  We waited for about five minutes until the bartender finally strolled around the corner with a scoul on his face that could stop a charging grizzly.  Now, I've since done quite a bit of pondering as to what he was doing that was so important that he would leave a napkin on his bar during peak business and completely abandon the place.  I've narrowed it down to two scenarios: he either was severely constipated or he was in a fight with his girlfriend. \n\n Regardless, it's the drinks that matter right?  Well, unfortunately there's not much going on in that area either.  Watery pina coladas that taste like rum and corn syrup, flavorless strawberry daquiris and a not so impressive beer selection put the icing on the cake of disappointment for this bar.  And, as you probably expected, our bartender friend seemed like he had a 10 foot pole shoved up his business end the whole time.  To their defense, however, if you're looking for large quantities of cheap girlie booze, 15 bucks for a giant eiffel tower full of pina colada is not a bad deal and makes for a good photo op.  Overall, I would recommend avoiding this place though.
Horrible I will Never go back to them again!!! The girl was in such a hurry on my pedicure that she cut my small toe with the callas file ,Then put alcohol on it to stop the bleeding it hurt so bad I almost cried. It's now been over two weeks and my toe is still hurting so bad and is numb and tingles. I'm really worried they may have done some bad damage to my foot. Never never ever again  my wife got some guy doing her feet and he completely SUCKED! too!!!! Absolute waste of time & money. for just a few more dollars we will use happy feet on McKellips from now on
I will NEVER go AGAIN. I went with a LARGE crew intown for bike week. I first brought them to this place a few yrs ago, before they rebuilt the new place downtown. The owner was nice and humble. Appreciated all 30 PLUS people that came in. Each yr they now come into town they ALL stop in and eat. \n\nThis yr, they rebuilt and EVERY single staff member acted too good or busy.. including the owner. I ordered a SALAD . HOW HARD IS A SALAD WITH CHICKEN. NEVER CAME the owner was very rude and did not care. I will never go again. \n\nOne thing people shouldn't do is forget who you are, WHERE you came from and WHO got you there. Black people ( sorry not about race..BUT) Black people have been supporting LoLos and religiously going from jump. All the sudden you get alil change in pocket...and change ?  You are never too far up... to fall down !\n\n#FAIL. \n\np.s. This review is late, and only now thought to do it, as I wanted some lolos today...and recalled the rudeness and said..no go.
Wow great pizza great food. But they have list there way on customer service do yourself a favor and go to the origanal location were there cool. The lady that runs the flamingo location needs to wake up. Customer service is king I will drive 3 more miles for service.
I would give this place zero stars! Nothing good has come of this place  and the club Life the managers of this club are beyond rude! My id was clipped cause of address change and was still valid.  Yet the bouncer had to take it and bend It in half  and throw it in my face as to previous night I got let in with no questions asked..... The management chain is threading very thin! \nI will be more then happy to spend my money somewhere else next weekend.
Food ok. Good variety of beer. Cops everywhere! If youre drinkn have a designated driver or call cab.
Only slightly better than average food (for the price range). Excellent service. Horrendously unacceptable atmosphere.  \n\nDined here after 9pm. Looking forward to the first tolerable outdoor temps this summer, sat outside on the patio which we were told was non-smoking. Patio was quiet and peaceful--we were the only table seated out there until several people came out, sat a few tables over from us and started smoking.  Disappointed, we immediately got up and went inside. Asked the waiter about the smoking and he moved our food and drinks inside rather than ask the smokers to smoke elsewhere.\n\nSitting inside was no better.  The group at the small bar was very loud and vulgar. Even a restaurant employee was literally screaming inside the dining room.\n\nWhen we got the check the waiter explained that he took two drinks off the check because the smokers were actually restaurant employees on a smoke break. WTF?!  He would have been better off not telling us that the smokers were employees.  If he didn't tell us we might have considered coming back. Knowing that the manager allowed employees to smoke on the patio while paying guests were dining out there only motivates me to write a review, not return and spend more of my hard-earned money.\n\nNo amount of great service or decent food can make up for a 100% unacceptable, avoidable and miserable restaurant atmosphere. \n\nZero effort was made to show even the most minimal consideration for that fact that paying guests were dining in the restaurant.  What kind of restaurant owner or manager allows the staff to create such a miserable dining experience for customers?
This is a tough review to write because I live in the neighborhood and like to walk over for dinner. It is a cool set-up with the open bar and the outdoor area, but this place has a real identity crisis. I went there a few times when it was Portobellos. The food was terrible and the menu was all over the place. When it changed to the Lizard the food got better and the menu more uniformed. I had high hopes. Unfortunately, the food has gone way downhill over the past six months, and the service is spotty. Several of the servers and one of the bartenders are great, the rest are rude and slow. The food is either very greasy, or dried out. \n\nI sure hope they can fix this place. \n\nTo the owners I say: \""Figure out an identity that works with the local clientele, change the menu to something that is simple, straightforward, uniform, and most importantly GET A NEW CHEF!\""
I had breakfast and the food was not good.  Rubbery fake scrambled eggs, microwaved sausage patties, toast was ok I guess and the potato wedges were ok.
My chicken burger was very dry. My partner's BBQ burger was mediocre at best. We complained, but all they said was they are sorry. Not worth the $9.00 a burger.
I have been to Icy Juicy several times now, and although I gave this business four stars in my initial review, I feel it necessary to downgrade now that I've tried several things.\n\nI really detest the milk tea.  I don't like the flavor at all.  It's really unique, and it's really \""not my cup of tea.\""  Literally.  I won't get it again.  \n\nI also don't like the clientele.  The place seems to be frequented by a lot of boisterous hipsters who are more than willing to crowd you or scream in your ear.  It's kind of obnoxious.  Other places can be loud too (like Tea Station), but this is a whole other level of crazy.  I think it's because the crowd is really, really young.  I'm a substitute teacher.  I'm around kids all day.  I don't wanna be around kids at midnight while I'm getting my boba on.  \n\nOh, and the service has been really spotty.  Sometimes the workers are friendly, sometimes they look at me like they wanna give me a bitchslap.\n\nI really can't see a conceivable circumstance during which I would return to Icy Juicy.  Ive tried enough and seen enough.  I'm over it.
This place was horrible on customer service!!  They were not welcoming. . they accidently charged my card $185 which is not returned back in my account after, 4 days now.. Then they still made us pay for 4drinks $9 and when we asked for cheese to shake on it they were skimpy even after all that there were 3adults 3kids all together and they gave us a couple packs as if one pack covers a big slice They rushed us out by shutting the ac off even cuz they were closing! Pizza was good though however over priced and I did get sick the next day as well and my gf threw up to
I hate to disagree with so many of my fellow yelpers, but Montesano's does not live up to the internet hype. This pizza is NOT the best pizza in town. Actually,  it's closer to the top 10 WORST slices of pizza I have had in Vegas. \n\nI placed an order for pick-up: one large margherita pizza, one gluten free crust pizza with pineapple and peppers, one order of chicken fingers with fries and when we arrived, we added one of those stuffed garlic knots to our order because it was glaring at me through the glass deli case. \n\nThe margherita pizza was bland, chewy and doughy in the worst possible way. The sauce was either not present or not flavorful enough to notice and there were slices of tomatoes layered on top of the pizza. These tomato slices made the pizza even worse because they created a soggy texture on the pizza that really threw me off. The cheese wasn't impressive and definitely didn't taste as fresh as some of the authentic Italian/east coast style pizza I have had around town. I was not impressed. I couldn't even finish one slice - that's how much I did not enjoy the pizza. Bland, flavorless, soggy and forgettable. \n\nThe chicken fingers were standard. Nothing special. There was not enough hot sauce for my liking, but that is personal preference. \n\nThe gluten free crust didn't impress my GF friend, who said it tasted like she was eating a brick. Bummer! \n\nI give this place two stars because the gentleman who answered the phone and took my order was extremely friendly and made me laugh a bunch while I was ordering. The other star is for the stuffed garlic knot that we added to our order. It was pretty good - really soft and chewy (in the right way) with great, flavorful, authentic marinara sauce (they should use THIS on the pizza) and lots of garlic flavor (I love garlic!). \n\nThe man who took my order - wonderful. The girl working the front of the store and taking orders/payments for pick-up orders - NOT so wonderful. Is it really that difficult to put a smile on your face a greet a customer when they walk in the door rather than standing around and  allowing 5 minutes pass before you even say a word to the customer?\n\nDo yourself a favor. If you're on this side of town and you are craving consistently good pizza - go to Grimaldi's. At least you know you're going to get something great and tasty for about the same price - probably even a little less.
We went in Friday evening to celebrate Mother's Day a bit early as I work Sunday. The service was slow and inattentive and the food was mediocre, especially considering the price point. Our server was nice, it seemed like the rest of her section was somewhere we couldn't see from where we were sitting because the only time we saw her was when she popped her head around the corner. I just didn't get a warm fuzzy from this place and probably won't be back. The good thing? The siracha honey sauce for the coconut shrimp was amazing.
If all you do is go and Pay your Cell Phone bill, this place is Fine, but if you try to buy a cell phone or upgrade you service, then you are in trouble\n\nThe Employees know very little about the service, and are at times very rude. I have gone in 3 times to upgrade, 2 of those 3 times I was in the store for 15min, and never saw me. The 3rd time I was being helped by someone who was just telling me what was on the card infront of the cell phone, and when I asked more specific questions, he told me to look online, so I took his advice and left the store, and never came back.
Found a worm when I ordered beef and broccolli. When I showed it to the server and told her that I wanted the pork chops instead, she wanted me to pay extra. I took photo of it. Not going back there anymore.
If you enjoy being left high and dry and accused of, by all means come on in!\n\nRecently had a mishap damaged good sold to me at the Barstow Outlet store. While in town for vacation, seeing that I couldn't wear the damaged item and needed to return them to Aldo's. I made all the necessary calls to the original store to get some help from the Fashion Show Mall store to give me a exchange or refund. \n\nThe moment the store manager took a look at the damaged boots she quickly said \""No, I would not accept these boots, you'll need to go back to where you got them because they are the ones who sold them to you this way and I personally would not consider even accepting this damaged item in my store.\"" I had the feeling she had already accused me of the existing damaged item and she also said \"" Right now, its your word against the stores and I don't want to get involved.\"" \n \nI get it that retail might not be your career or that your $8.49 a hour doesn't cut it to be nice to your customers. The entire ordeal left a bitter taste and I would not consider wasting my time in the future with this store.
I went here on recommendations from several friends who swear by it. The plating is great. They use small pots and pans to serve the food. Its very novelty, but functional as a way of portion control. I went on a friday for lunch\nUnfortunately I didn't find the quality of food acceptable...\nI grabbed a piece of fried chicken and discovered upon returning to my table that there were still feathers in the chicken...battered, fried and all. Not just one or two, but about a dozen.\nAdditionally, the water they server is a filtered water delivered to your table in a glass bottle-- It had floaties. It looked like someone had backwashed into the water they were serving us. \nAlso, just something that irked me was at the dessert counter. The plates (as with the rest of the buffet) are kept warm under heat lamps. Unfortunately when you grab a piece of chocolate or some ice cream, it instantly melts. Not very gourmet to slurp lukewarm ice cream sludge. A room temperature plate would have been nice.\n\nAfter all of this I spoke to the manager. I explained the problems one at a time. His response was to give us complimentary cocktails. A nice gesture, and it cured my sour mood, but this is not a fix to the problem. He offered no apology or explanation, nor did he make any indication that this would be fixed. \n\nMy opinion of this establishment is that they care more about appearances than quality. It would definitely recommend AGAINST eating here.
REALLY?!?! \nThis is the MGM GRAND! This is the Head Honcho of all Hotel/Casinos and this is the club they come up with? \n\nCONS (should be first):\nTHERE IS NO \""WOW!\"" FACTOR HERE. The design layout is poor. \nStairs? \nWay too dark! Bathroom is even darker. \n(I don't wanna know what this place looks like when the lights go on.)\nThe sound system was specifically directed towards the center floor. \nHaving to look up at the show for 15 minutes per hour. \nHip hop room was too small and felt like a labyrinth to get through. \nDrinks are way over priced. XS doesn't even charge $16 for a simple drink! Vodka & water. $16??? Really?!?! \nWas too pricey to get in. Paid $100!!! \n$50 to walk in, $50 more to cut the line. Didn't realize that when I was the only guy w/ 13 other girls. Thankfully the girls chipped in and paid $60 for me. \nI got bored. \n\nPROS: \nCool light show if you're on one. \nMajor headliners performing\nEveryone dresses to the tea since its new right now. I hate seeing \""that guy\"" wearing chucks. Really? Wear big bro's clothes! \nThe Sound System was pretty cool. I like it when my body can rumble with the bass. \nThe top floor was nice to over see the dance floor and ppl watch. \nThe staff is super friendly \n\nOverall I would not go back. I would not Pass Go. I'd rather go to Jail. MGM is only good for Wet Republic right now which is making a come back. I choose Wet over Beach Club just for the craziness.
A major disappointment.  We've recently moved into Las Vegas and had dinner at this hotel's coffee shop a few weeks ago and was very impressed.  So, being a steak lover, I wanted to check this restaurant out.  We didn't realize it was so upscale (the casino is very casual) and were out shopping nearby, so it was a last minute idea to eat there.  We walked in just after 5pm on Sat, only a couple of table were occupied, so not having a reservation didn't seem to be an issue and we were seated right away.  The waiter explained the menu well and took our orders.  While waiting for our appetizers and bread to be served, the hostess seated a party of four right next to us (in what was basically an empty restaurant) -- the people had a small DOG with them.  I immediately looked at the hostess and said this would be a problem for me, and one of the 4 people quickly said \""it's a service dog\"" (looked like a household pet to me).  I got up and said to my girlfriend, their table and the hostess \""We'll go to another restaurant\"" -- no attempt was made to have us stay.  I've been eating in these types of restaurants for decades and never had dinner sitting next to a dog before anywhere (even at fast food places), it's too bad because I was hoping for a great, memorable meal -- of course at $80 a person, it should be great.
Horrible service and the worst Indian food I ever had.. Got the wrong bill . Never again coming to this place ..
the WIFI here has been down 2 of the last three times I've been here over the last month.  I'm using the my hotspot on my phone in a coffee shop, imagine that.   If I can't get WIFI I can't work.  If I can't work, I can't go here.   Reply to this review when the connectivity issues have been resolved and I'll start going there again.   Thanks
This place was OK. I walked in on a Thursday night and it was just about empty.  The idea of it sounds better than the actual place.\n\nThe outside decor looks kind of neat with all the bottles.\n\nSeated ourselves and eventually the bartender/acting waiter came over to take our orders. \n\nThey have a happy hour which is nice but it was for bottom shelf liquor... I want to spend money on a decent drink, not  a below-average drink that is usually already cheap to begin with.  ATTENTION PATRONS: $4 Drink is now $3 Drink! \n\nI ordered the chicken tenders with what I think was their house Ranch. My boyfriend ordered fries and something else...\n\nI didn't like any of the two entrees nor the appetizer from this place. \n(Tasted stale and over breaded) \n\nDefinitely Skip this place if you are hungry and want some good food.
Have had better boba as well as service. I smiled when i ordered, she didn't smile back. I thanked her when i for my cup after paying 10 bucks for 2 cups , she didn't say your welcome, said happy holidays and nada. Beginning to wonder if she understood english or just plain normal customer services... Next time
The guy wiped his nose, didn't wash his hands, went ahead to make my food with his filthy hands. Freaking sick. Freaking sick. Freaking sick.
Chips were tasteless, pretty sure my enchiladas were made with Alfredo sauce. Nothing was fresh, just loaded with fat.
This place is definitely  \""meh\""......had a pepperoni with chopped garlic, also an order of onion rings and garlic bread.  I\""ll start with the pizza first.  It was just a notch above supermarket stuff.  Not worth the money, won't be back.\nThe crust isn't my thing (too squishy and bleh), very bland flavor and I suspect the cheese on this  pie re-heated  for the second night is gonna be rubber.  (seemed to already be going that direction as I ate).  Could barely taste the garlic......it was there a bit, but not much.  Overall lacking in flavor and seasonings. Didn't even smell very pizza-ish.   The onion rings had practically NO TASTE which is difficult to do with onion rings, but they accomplished it here.  And the garlic bread was ......yucky.  soggy and not good.  I wish I'd saved the $34 this cost and bought a few grocery pizzas to shove in the freezer when I had a pizza craving....would have been just about as good.  Very disappointed because a lot of people apparently like this place but I'd skip it if you know the difference between good and meh pizza.  I didn't try anything else on the menu so maybe they do some things really well.....just not the pizza I ordered.  :( :(
Great for their sand volleyball leagues and a super fun referee, but double check the schedule as the games magically seem to shift without notice. \n\nThe food is not so great and neither is the beer on tap. I've felt the repercussions of their dirty tap lines way too many times the next day after one beer or two, so stick with canned and bottled beer. Their seasoned french fries are delicious if they're served fresh and their wings are ok.
We need a little diversity in South Phoenix.  Seriously, we have a lot of chain restaurants. And a lot of Mexican restaurants. Little of anything else.   So we would welcome a little Italian food into our mix! \n\nDespite my 2-star rating, I do have high hopes for this little Italian establishment and in all fairness, they were only 11-days old on our visit yesterday. \n\nThey don't' yet have a liquor license, but you can bring your own bottle and they'll uncork it (for no fee). \n\nOne of the servers started us off with a complimentary meat and cheese plate. The problem was, he set it on the table and there was no explanation as to what was on the plate. I also think if they had plated the selections on a smaller plate and added a touch of parsley garnish, it would have been more impressive. As it was, the compliment was more of an eyesore.\n\nThe food was mediocre. The dishes were either too flavorful, as in my \""zesty\"" marinara, or unflavorful as in the \""God Father\"" sauce. In either instance, the menu may benefit from some more descriptive adjectives and perhaps some background on the region of Italy the flavors derive; doing so may help manage our expectations. \n\nWe did order a desert. We asked if the Canolli was made on-site, and they said it was. But even that, seemed a little blah. \n\nI felt like the place has potential with atmosphere and a sincere owner that wants to deliver a positive experience. But, the waitstaff needs a lot of help and the kitchen needs to work out some of the kinks in flavors. \n\nGive it a chance, but don't go with high expectations.
i enjoy the  spinach salad with fresh shrimp.. pizza was good too.  Some of the help is good some not good especially the people responsible for the food, last week i asked fir a slice of beef and the guy cut a huge..bloody piece that was 80% fat and put it on top of all my other stuff... could not believe it!  then ive seen them serve rotten spinach until i complained, also take a utensil that had the handle in the food bowl pick it up wipe with rag and put back into food... grossed me out and totally against health regulations, the bowl of contaminated food should have been thrown out.
I work across the street at a busy car dealership. I ordered an inside out cali roll, bento box Teriyaki chicken and spicy beef. The California roll was prepared with roe on top which is not what I ordered. My chicken and beef was so skimpy and contained all onions with HARDLY ANY MEAT. The spicy beef and chicken was swimming in oil and tasted of pure onion. I LOVE the dressing on the salad however the lettuce was brown, old and wilting. I will NEVER return and will NEVER recommend anyone from the dealership eat here. The lady at the front was very nice and pleasant and I so wanted this lunch to be great...... She said she hoped to see me again..... Sorry, but you won't!!\nI spent $21.00 and all I ate was the Miso soup. I was charged dinner prices at lunch. Not my kind of icing on the cake. The place was a ghost town and there was not one person inside at 12:15pm lunch...BIG RED FLAG. Should have returned the food for a refund.
Always a long wait, low inventory, and the cars on average have a lot of mileage and smell like cigarette smoke. It's amazing that Hertz always has multiple work stations but only staffs about a third of them at airport locations while the lines are long.
Located by the West Garage in Town Square on the Boulevard.\n\nThe sweet potato fries and the nom-noms (fried mac n' cheese bites) are straight up. Nothing spectacular, but fried well.\n\nThe main event - the burger. I ordered the Inferno burger and my wife got the Oregon Trail. The beef is what makes this burger special, but it was far from special. It downright sucked. I ordered medium-rare and got well-done. My entire party of 12 got well-done burgers. The patty was under-seasoned or not seasoned at all. I guess that's how they do it over there. A Whopper is more satisfying than these burgers.\n\nI heard the shakes are great, but I'm not coming back to try them. I recommend going to SmashBurger or Five Guys for the $5-$8 burger price range.
If you own a cell phone and want to use it do not stay here. From ten steps in zippo signal.
What happened, Mario Batali?\n\nFood: My burger was wrapped in brown paper like it was from a fast food joint - you can taste like a classic burger without looking like crap. My friend also ordered chicken wings that didn't quite taste right.\n\nService: Our waitress was attentive, but the rest of the wait staff was sooo poorly trained! It's as if B&B decided to only hire kids with zero work experience.
This bar embodies everything Glendale truly is, which is more of a slight than anything else. Every time I some how end up at this place I always get the same experience. A mediocre night of waiting for drinks, watching people who I vaguely remember from high school, and waiting to find out where the party is afterwards. That last part should really be the point of interest for this bar since after-parties seem like a fairly common thing to do after visiting Salty's. Either way, I really wish my friends wouldn't want to come to this bar as often as they do.
I was disappointed.  The good: the decor, ambviance and service were excellent.  Unfortunately,  the food was lacking and bland. BLAND!  At Emerils.  The ham appetizer was very good.  The squid was just ok and tasteless.  We had pork and the fish special (striped bass).  Both were very bland and the pork was dry and overcooked.  The collards that came with the pork was good.   Truthfully, this should probably be 3 stars but I felt I needed to balance the people who always overrate places that \""should\"" be good.   I probably will not go back for dinner but may go for appetizers before a show.  I think with a big name on the place it should be excellent this was barely average.
I requested a quote on a Cannon Patriot P22 and P40 safe.  Their price was several hundred dollars above Cannon's msrp.  When I inquired about this they replied that Cannon was not their primary safe line and they wanted to steer me to another brand.  Buyer beware of this safe dealer.  This business now operates under the name Stanley Security Solutions.
I was disappointed with this Vegas restaurant. First, since I was by myself, I sat at the bar. Got great service, but slightly slow for the busy-ness of the restaurant. I should have trusted my waiter, who stated that the Oxtail Udon soup was pretty salty. Overall, it was way too salty, lacking in flavor, and disappointing as an entree. I then got the 12 piece sashimi, which was overall, lacking in freshness and flavor. Top it off with the fact that this restaurant is ridiculously expensive, and the fact that I had severe gastrointestinal distress within 1-2 hours didn't help it win any stars either.
Meh. I don't know. This was good. Just good. \n\nMy fiance enjoyed this more than I did. The food was a 3 for me, the service? 1 or 2, probably a 1. I think we were there 2 hours to get a beer each and a burger. \n\nThey had a burger with brie and a lamb burger. I order anything with brie, and my other half orders anything with lamb. So, that was good. And the food wasn't bad I just can't get over the terrible service.
Growing up, this was a restaurant that our family avoided. Now we're older and our tastes have changed. Macayo hasn't. It's bland, boring Mexican food with watery, flavorless salsa that my now elderly parents can't get enough of and I go along for the ride.\n\nIf you have snowbirds to entertain, this will surely do the trick. Nobody will get something too spicy. Otherwise, there are better choices in town. But if you enjoy the culinary time warp and your stomach can handle heavy, bland Mex, have a seat, as these recipes haven't changed since 1948.
I had two vehicles repaired here. I had issues with both. We had our service van in and it took over 3 months to fix. After it was ready... the van had damage that wasn't there when we took it ! I had to prove to Midway based on pictures that they caused the damage. They finally agreed to fix it. Secondly my personal car had the bumper replaced and painted. 6 months later I get backed into and the paint cracks and chips off. Obvisouly I knew that damage came from someone backing into me. However I took it for repair at another shop and they told me the paint should not be cracking like that. That they did not prep the bumper correctly. I had to replace the bumper again. With both of these issues the service was awful and I will never go back. I worked with Larry Davis. He was all smiles until I had issues. After that he wouldn't even come out of his office.
My girlfriend was like \""Hey! Wanna sign up for Bikram Yoga with me?\"" I was like \""Have you done it before?\"" & she said \""No.\"" but I signed up for it anyway. At the time, I was doing bootcamp and running 3 miles, 3xs a week. On the day of my first class, I drank about 2 liters of water prior to class to prepare myself. The class itself is miserable. It's hot. It's humid. I hate those combinations. The class is also LONG. As a parent, I hate not being able to put my kids to bed to work out? What? I can go on a run in 30 minutes whenever I want rather than be gone for 2 hours (90 minute class + 30 minute drive there & back). \n\nThe poses are not that difficult. I never had to sit down or stop, or not do a pose. I just think this should be considered lazy yoga. The yoga I'm used to, you're holding yourself in plank for what seems like an eternity until your core is burning, your toes are screaming, and your arms are shaking. Here, you do a pose, then lay down. Do a pose, then stop, lay down. It's just the heat you have to beat. Every class I've been to, I think someone has walked out. There is always someone who sits down at least half the time because they think they're going to die. There is no music. The instructor doesn't do the set with you, she just talks you through it. The room smells so bad. Especially when you're laying in savasana on your stomach. I came to 5 classes within a 2 1/2 week span. It is just not my scene. I want a fast and rapid work out where I feel like I burned a bazillion calories and that my heart is going to burst out of my chest. This is time consuming, and kind of lazy for me.
I threw a Bachelorette party here last August with 23 girls, so we booked 5 rooms. We got to Vegas early so we ate first, then checked in at 3. As per our initial reservations (MONTHS in advance) I requested that all rooms be on the same floor, and have 4 of the 5 rooms have those connecting doors (2 and 2). At time of check in, they only had 3 rooms ready for us. 1 single room, and 2 that connected, and informed us that our last rooms will be ready in the next hour or so. So we all went up stairs, and pretty much crashed in those 3 rooms. After an hour or so we called down to the front desk to check the status of our rooms. NOTHING. No progress. They said another hour. So we called back around 5:30. Still no progress. I then asked to speak to a manager. He said he'd get right on it, and have housekeeping clean some of the rooms for us to settle in. Shouldn't the rooms already be cleaned as check IN is at 3?! This went on UNTIL EIGHT O'CLOCK at night. Which was ridiculous. Its impossible for 23 girls to rest, and get ready for a night in Vegas in 3 cramped rooms. We were NOT happy. So I called and requested late check out for all 5 rooms. I had to ask 3 times until someone said ok, we'd give each room an extra hour, when I had initially asked for 2. By that time I was beyond frustrated and settled for 1 hour. The rooms itself were decent. Nothing too fancy. Good sized tv, comfortable enough beds. The casino was decent as well, my friend won 1200 on slots, so that was a perk. Buffet was good, nothing spectacular, but it fed us, the employees at the buffet were very nice, and very hospitable. The buffet I'd give 4 stars to. The pool was nice too. Not too packed, but not barren either. The best perk was the late night Pho restaurant they had in the casino, nice meal after a long night of partying.\n\nOther than that, I wouldn't stay here again if I had to
I had dinner at The Carnegie Deli on 8/6/13 (check no.5070620; should management need validation).\n\nThe service was great, the restaurant was clean (and looked much like something you would see in NY), sandwiches and sides were fresh and delicious. The salad inparticular was fresh as it gets. The vegetables were crunchy (great cucumbers). Great rye bread too. I would go back for the sandwiches - because I'm flying out in late August.\n\nAs far as the desserts go...\nI ordered the coconut cream pie and my guest ordered the seven layer cake.\nThe coconut cream pie was beautiful, but the flavor wasn't there at all. The pie was starchy (probably from too much corn starch) and lacked that creaminess and 'coconut flavor' that one expects from this classic. I used to make these pies for a resort in Saipan and the right recipe will give you great results every time. It's not a difficult dish to pull off. Anyway, Carnegie's pie lacked so much dimension that I wondered if anyone working there ever stopped to say, \""Can we really standy behind this coconut cream pie\""? are they testing their desserts? I doubt it.\n\nI tried my friends seven layer cake. Way too sweet and VERY dry. I could tell that the cake was either old or it was stored at a temperature so cold that it actually damaged the genoise cake part of the dessert.\n\nCarnegie is great for sandwiches and sides, but hey should just burn the dessert menu.
Terrible service don't got to this place if you have a party of 10 or more it will take over 2 hours from the time you order your entree until you get it and unless you are a fan of food poisoning stay away from anything thing that contains fish, and then when you go and tell the manager people in you party got sick from eating there you'll get offered to comeback the next day for a drink. Never again
Don't sit at the bar...... No one helps you.\n\nThis is by far the worst service I have ever had. I love Grimaldi's the pizza is great but the service was just terrible. Up front stand three hostess' that cannot figure out how long the wait was. Each one of them said a different time, and were extremly rude. One finally said the bar was open seating so for the first time we sat at the bar. I noticed a huge party leave from the patio so I asked a hostess if the patio is open seating, it was not so I then asked if the wait was still as long. She informed me that people were ahead of me (which was understandable) however no one was waiting. So I went back to the bar and said its fine we will just deal with it. Some better spots outside opened up so we moved seats from in the bar to the outside bar area. I watched two tables stay open the entire time of our meal, which was 2 hours long. I was ready to leave had I been able to tell the waitress to cancel our order. The reason I give it 2 stars instead of 1 is becuase in the end the amazing pizza made up for the terrible service. I love the pizza and next time I think mabey I will order it to go.
Tonight we gave this restaurant another try, mainly because I was just too tried to prepare dinner or drive very far.  Well, it was not a good decision as the food and service was worse than ever!  \n\nWhen we arrived there were three groups of people irritated that the cashier was missing in action.  One lady commented that the owner was luckily that all of them were honest as they could have walked out and no one would even notice.\n\nThere was no one to seat us and only one waitress covering ALL the tables.  She finally waved at us and then told us which side she wanted us to seat ourselves on.  \n\nIt was a good 15 minutes, from the time we seated ourselves, until our order was taken.  \n\nThey were offering all you can eat shrimp and fish.  First came what was titled  Lentil Soup.  It was awful.  Neither of us could eat it.  The shrimp was frozen breaded shrimp that was greasy as could be.  The fish seemed to have been reheated over and over until it was like rubber -- could only eat a few bites.  I should have sent it back, but I didn't have the energy for the conflict it would cause, plus I was fairly sure I would just get more food that was impossible to eat.  Just made the decision to never give the restaurant any more of our business. \n\nShame on the owners for not giving customers quality food and good service as I am sure we are not the only Sun City residents that want a good restaurant close to home.
very disappointed by my experience at this place! unfortunately the matter was to do with the rudeness of staff. Came in on Wednesday the 9th of july at 9.45. There were 2 female members of staff waiting on the floor, the brunette younger waitress was extremely rude when i asked if it was possible to sit in a booth as she was practically forcing me to sit on one of the high stools. I'm not sure if this was an inconveinience for her or whatever but she did not say anything, she just looked at me like i was a piece of dirt and then moved the cutlery from the space i wanted to sit in a rude manner, she did not speak to me at all, not a peep but instead rolled her eyes at the other blonde waitress. Extremely rude, did not feel welcome in this eatery and decided to leave.
I wish I could give a higher review but I just can't. I came to St. Joes for surgery a couple of weeks ago with Dr. Hibner (he is absolutely fantastic btw). My check in was smooth and the nurses were very nice to me. I went into surgery and everything was great! They even called my boyfriend to let him know that surgery had started. \nOnce I woke up I was in ICU/recovery. My nurse there was AMAZING as well. Everything changed once I got to my room for the night. My nurse Smitha was absolutely horrible. She had no bedside manor and was very rough with me. At one point she did a ultra sound on my bladder (I had surgery on my abdomen) and she was pushing very hard right under my incisions. I told her she was being too rough and she said she needed to do this. She could've easily gone down a little lower to check my bladder, directly under my incisions was not necessary. At one point she asked what my pain level was and I told her a 7. She smirked and walked away. She also told me I could just lay in bed and do nothing all night. I have had this surgery 2 other times and know to avoid pain in the shoulders it is best to get up and walk around. So my boyfriend helped me do this. I really just think she didn't want to do her job. Plenty of other people are looking for jobs, so why do nurses like her work for such a well known facility? Hopefully they can get better workers in their hospital before too long. After such wonderful treatment at first I was so disappointed to get such a insensitive nurse.
Since I have lived in Japan for some tinr, I am rather picky about my ramen. \n\nFirst of all, this place does not offer japanese ramen, even their shoyu broth is.. simply shoyu (soy sauce) and broth.. whereas real japanese shoyu broth is much more than that. I'm Chinese despite my wife being Japanese, so I have nothing against them... but I just want to point out that their ramen is Chinese Japanese fusion. The taste was so so, I had the braised beef topping. \n\nAlthough customer service was good, food is so so, and price is kind of on the high end for noodles.
Great ice cream however service was poor. I was number 3 in line and the cashier just wanted to chat with everybody. When my turn came around she told us to hold on as she disappeared into the back for a couple minutes. Upon returning (only employee there), she wasn't too quick and at that point a line formed with 6 more people behind us just as irritated. I know a couple people took pictures of their phone number to call in a verbal complaint.
Frankly, I expected better from you Revolution.  Having visited your counterparts in different cities up and down our fair isle, I was disappointed by the lacklustre service and poor organisation I encountered at this branch.\n\nI was in Edinburgh for a water polo away match, and afterwards both the Manchester and Edinburgh teams wanted to fill their empty stomachs with some food, so we headed to Revs where an area had been previously reserved for us.  Despite our afternoon reservation, the staff seemed utterly baffled and flustered by our desire to order food.\n\nAfter several had placed their orders at the bar,the confused bartenders asked the rest of us to take our seats where someone would be around to take our order, yet after 10 minutes, none of the tables had been attended to, and we resolved to go back to the bar, where we were eventually allowed to place our order.\n\nThe lighting in this particular area of the bar is really dark, which would be fitting for an evening setting, but not entirely appropriate for 3 o' clock in the afternoon.  In addition, the tables and even the menus, were really sticky.  This I could forgive, if they'd been busy and having quick turnovers, but again, we'd reserved this area, and they were expecting us, so there's not really an excuse for uncleanliness.\n\nThe food took ages to arrive, and was really staggered, so that by the time half of our teammates had finished their meals, half of us still hadn't been served.  There's also NO phone signal in this place, which I know isn't strictly Revolution's fault, but is still very frustrating.\n\nThe only good I can say is that we got a pretty sweet deal for our money.  We managed to get some sort of deal where we got a burger/pizza and a pint for a fiver, which is pretty good really.  The food didn't taste half bad either, once it had arrived.  But I probably wouldn't go back, as I'm almost certain I could find somewhere else that provides much better service and still manages to produce reasonable food.
I don't know what's going on with this place. They stopped serving king crabs only snow crabs. No sirloin steak, no nigiri only 3 cheap small rolls, shrimps are small, no pork ribs, I can go on and on. \nWhat's going on Mr. Wynn if you cut back on quality you will see that your customers will start going elsewhere.\nI for one use to rave about your buffet to everyone, not any more. \nI will not be coming back here either, next time in town I will stick with bacchanal or try at the Cosmo. \nYou should really consider doing something about the selection and quality.
********** Last night was the \""Last Chopstick\"" for us *********** \n \nI'm well aware that some Folks love \""George's Visits\"" to their table.\nThe food here is \""Hit or Miss.\""\n               ....... and when they Miss ......... its beyond belief.\n                      Finally my Wife said ........ NEVER AGAIN.\n\nLast nights experience, finally brought her around to agreeing with what .....  I've been  telling her for years.  \n\n                            Confucius and Marvin say ........ Don't waste your Yuan here.
Mehhhh.\n\nMaybe it's my fault (ok, it's completely my fault) for ordering the heat-attack slice from hell. Pepperoni, ham, sausage and bacon layered between bread and a hearty helping of cheese topped with more bacon, but it was a bit too much. Difficult to eat and just tasted like salty grease. I've eaten a meatlovers before but this slice....I don't know....it just didn't taste good. Which is saying alot because bad pizza is still pizza. I'll have to go back and try one of their less meatier slices.
OK place, but nothing special.\n\nWe had the some spring rolls a beef combo pho, a seafood combo, and a tofu-over-noodles disk.\n\nThe spring rolls were decent, as was the dipping sauce.\n\nThe phos had a good mix of ingredients but the broths were thin and not particularly flavorful. The beef pho broth was missing star anise. Both phos had noodles that apparently had not been soaked long enough and were very clumpy\n\nThe owner?/manager?/hostess? stopped by our table and spent a long time complaining to us about her neighborhood and son. Unclear why, but we really didn't need to hear it.
Great Sushi ... I had all u can eat ... However, I do have a compliant: ... I asks for a bowl of rice and miso soup for my 2 yrs old. They charge me $3 for it and $2.50 for a piece of Mochi ice cream, because they saw her eat it instead of me.  We spend over a hunded on the bill and they nickel and dime you. This is poor service on Management. ... The waiter service was good. Kids under 3 always eat for free.  How much can a 2 yrs old eat??\n\nI have a lot of friends who visit Vegas all the time. This is not a place I would recommend family w/kids to dine.\n\nThis is not a family friendly place. \n\nI took off 2 star for that.
One word - Disappointing.\n\n I decided to take my husband here for his birthday and because they were also participating in restaurant week. Also, they have great happy hour specials on Thursdays. Perfect. \n\nFirst, I had requested on my reservation to seat us in a great seat with a view since it was a special occasion. They sat us in the back of the restaurant. Next, I ask for the happy hour menu and our waiter says happy hour is only in the lounge. So we couldn't get any drink specials which was annoying. Then we were brought out some crusty old stale rolls that were cold and hard and I immediately sent them back and requested fresh ones. \n\nI ordered from the restaurant week menu and my meal was great. It is the only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1. My first course, the shrimp was a little overdone but had good flavor. 2nd course, my steak was cooked well. 3rd course, cake topped with mango and the basil ice cream was delicious.\n\nMy meal was not the problem. My husband ordered a veal porterhouse which came out looking like a big pork chop. Upon inquiring to the waiter, he told us veal turns white when cooked...what?! That is just flat out not true. I think our waiter was new on the floor because he was not knowledgeable about the menu (or steak in general) and just was b.s.ing his way through all night. \n\nI didn't like any of the steak sauces. Too bitter or too sweet. \n\nTo top off the evening, our waiter took FOREVER to bring us the check.\n\nI'm usually not a nitpicky person but when I'm spending $120+ on dinner, it better be well executed, delicious, with great service.\n\nThere are plenty of other spots in the valley to get a GREAT meal at that price point. Will not be returning.
This is the worst airline ever.  I highly discourage anyone from using United Airlines if you can help it.  Their agents are very rude and unprofessional, and they lie.  My wife was verbally abused and threatened by a flight attendant because he couldn't do his job properly.  She asked for simple help because she was handling my infant daughter, and this attendant was very belligerent with a bad attitude, very unhelpful.  I've already written their corporate offices in Chicago as well as been through the Better Business Bureau.  They've been unhelpful and unwilling to resolve this dispute so now I've contacted several media outlets to inform them of the incident that occurred.  To add insult to injury, they sent me a form letter with a very insincere apology and a $150 voucher to book on my next United flight.  Yeah, sure, like I'm ever going to use them again.  That's like giving a 10% discount to passengers and victims of the Costa Concordia (the Italian cruise ship that sank).
To start, we purchased tickets 45 minutes prior to the midnight opening of Harry Potter. Unbelievably we got awesome seats in a small theater with comfy seats + the screen was IN DIGITAL!!!!\n\nOK so where to start. I did not print my tickets, bad idea. Upon arriving I assumed I could walk up to the box office and get them. This was not the case. They said all I needed was a confirmation number which luckily I brought my phone and opened my email and bam...right there. She said good then just walk up to the podium and give the gentleman your confirmation number, afterwards the gentlemen pointed me to the otherside where another gentlemen asked for what seat numbers. I had to pull out my phone again since the guy did not have a computer to go off of. And he put us in the wrong theater where the seats were already taken. After going back to the box office we finally made it into the theater, and sat down. \n\nThere was waiter service upto 20 minutes into the movie, after that its on you. Not bad and really good idea. The theater was small and you can hear every one or all 15 people that was. Lucky for us though we had an all adult crowd. \n\nNow the reason why I only gave it 2 stars. The sound!!! I felt like I was watching a TV. Everything was coming from the front speakers. Which I did not feel immersed in the action. Also if someone coughed you could hear it over the sound as if they were sitting right next to you. \n\nNow I come to theaters to get immersed with sound and visual. As much as they put money into the visual I though they went cheap on the sound and removed the entire theater boom experience, and in my book thats a huge no no. If they fix the sound and dampen the theater to more sound proofing then I will definitely make a return. \n\nOverall: Everything was excellent, but the sound was worse then watching TV late night with the volume on low so you don't wake anyone. If they fix the sound I will revisit and give it a 5 stars.\n\nUntil then...2 star fo you!
I rented a car last month and I still have a hold on my account. When I called to talk to them they were very unprofessional and rude. While the car was nice and rates competitive I will never go back. All they had to do was be pleasant, you are in the service industry and customers are what keep you in business. I will not be returning.
Keep on walking. Make a different choice. \nHorrible fries, we even went back for a do-over. Still undercooked and soggy. Lousy and slow service. Overpriced even for airport vendors.
we ordered from here again tonight ... no it is not a fluke! it seems every time we order from here, something has gone wrong with our pizza... I took pics of the pizza we ordered, if I can I will put them on here...it was really overcooked!!!
STAY AWAY!!!\nI forgot to mention they also checked me and even though I had no cavities, they recommended $500+ of perio cleaning service since they charge by the quarter mouth. \n\nI recently went to a different dentist who after checking, is only charging me 30 for the cleaning and didn't mention any perio disease.
Eh. Nothing special. Food wise. Got the shrimp pho and spicy spring rolls.  Soup was bland and not that much noodles esp for the price. Bf got the #2 and also agrees that the soup was boring. For the side veggies, they were out of the cilantro and other leafy veggie that I like.   \n\nSpicy spring rolls- they were a dollar more than the regular spring rolls. Said they had sriacha and jalape\u00f1o. Took a chance and well, all it was was a regular sprig roll with a jalape\u00f1o in it. Have no clue where the sriacha was. Not to mention the MIA green onion was that normally comes with. You're better off getting the regular ones and adding your own sriacha and jalape\u00f1o and saving a dollar. \n\nThe only good thing was the server-he was attentive. \nAll in all disappointed. The menu seems authentic but is the pho and spring rolls are any indication, then I'd say its a flop. That and being in a karaoke bar is just weird.  Where's the large big screen tv playing overly loud Vietnamese reality talent shows instead?
I had the worst experience at my favorite sushi place You lost a loyal customer today. One of the sushi chefs was obviously sick or had allergies, because he was sniffling with a runny nose the whole time he was making sushi. He sneezed twice while making sushi rolls, without washing his hands. Then a customer came in, and the sushi chef shook the customers hands with the gloves on that he made sushi with, then without washing or changing gloves, he went back to making sushi....it was discussing, and I'll NEVER GO BACK.
Nach meinen vielen Mexikoreisen hoffte ich hier auf etwas Authentisches, abseits der vielen Tex-Mex-Restaurants zu sto\u00dfen. Hausgemachte Mais-Tortillas und gro\u00dfe Worte auf der Homepage waren da sehr vielversprechend. Von den versprochenen frischen Zutaten war in der Realit\u00e4t leider nicht viel zu finden: Hier geizt man bei den frischen Limetten und sch\u00fcttet stattdessen billiges Limettensaftkonzentrat in eine Michelada - jeder d\u00fcrfte den typischen Hitchcock-Geschmack kennen. Frischer Koriander (=Cilantro, absolut essentiell in der mex. K\u00fcche) ist den Betreibern entweder unbekannt oder zu teuer. Daher findet man auf den Gerichten Petersilie, die auf den bestellten Gerichten gar nichts zu suchen hatten. Die fehlende Affinit\u00e4t des Koches zu Mexiko erkennt man auch an einem weiteren Fauxpas: Chili con Carne (typisch USA) auf einem mexikanischen Spezialit\u00e4tenteller. \nZum Service m\u00f6chte ich mich nicht weiter \u00e4u\u00dfern - f\u00fcr authentisches mexikanisches Essen w\u00fcrde ich auch einen schlechten Service in Kauf nehmen. Leider war beides Fehlanzeige. Stattdessen muss ich wohl weiterhin selbst kochen und kann dem Koch ein gutes Buch ans Herz legen: \""La Tradicional Cocina Mexicana: Y Sus Mejores Recetas\"".
Dr. Rimoldi is the very worst doctor I have ever experienced in my life. He is a spiteful powermad egotist who will shut you down, and TELL YOU what is what. Never had such a pitiful excuse for a doctor in my life...and his staff is worse. Filing a complaint with my insurance company as we speak. Don't even think about seeing this inhuman uncaring egotist!  You've been warned....I would hit -5 five stars if I could!
We drove around Tempe Marketplace looking for Mojo yogurt for a good 10 minutes, trying to pinpoint its exact location from the Yelp map and directions.  We finally decided to ditch the directions and get out of the car and walk around the outdoor mall to find it.  We spotted a family eating out of Mojo containers and asked them for directions.  Just down the way, near Kabuki.  \n\nTempe Marketplace is really cool!  I'm from Colorado and so the outdoor mall thing hasn't exaclty caught on (going shopping outside isn't exaclty appealing when it's freezing).  Since it was nighttime it was nice to sit by one of the fireplaces and take in the palm trees lit with colored lights.  \n\nMojo was okay.  Why is it so dimly lit?  Why weren't there more than 6 chairs inside the place?  I was expecting more flavors than 6...they do provide tasting cups by the yogurt machines so you don't have to be rationed on your samples (a plus).  The sugar free blueberry was good, as was the \""white boy vanilla\"", but I decided on cheesecake and cookies and cream.  The mango wasn't good...dairy free and kinda blah...They have a selection of toppings, but don't expect as much of a variety as Yogurtland.  I'm still looking for a REALLY good alternative to Yogurtland (and Pinkberry has yet to come to Arizona...sad)...Mojo just wasn't it.
If you are gluten free, BEWARE!  Do not be fooled by the gluten free menu.  There have been a number of gluten free diners who have gotten ill after eating here, and at least two (that I know of) who believe they have been served gluten after ordering gluten free.  If a restaurant is going to offer a gluten free menu, then they need to ensure that their staff is trained.  They need to show clear evidence of cross contamination procedures.  Our family used to eat here regularly and we finally gave up.  It wasn't safe for us.   We now eat at Tott's, which doesn't have a gf menu, but has been very accommodating.
Deffinetly nothing special.  Ordered one beef and one lamb kabob to go.  They were exactly the same.  Not sure if it was lamb or beef but dry, overcooked and tasteless.  The pita bread was ok.  If only they included something in the bag to put on it.  Since my $20 purchase was sealed in a to go bag, I did not think to ask if I needed any sauce (green stuff on the counter).  Wound up giving the kabob to my dog.  He seemed to love it btw.   Hummus was good.
Better out there. Heck better 1 block away.
Terrible selection of beer, staff were nothing to be desired, wouldn't return.
My wife and I visited l'Autre Version on a Friday night during our vacation from the United States. It was our second night in Montreal; the first of which was spent at an outstanding restaurant serving traditional French food. We had heard good things about l'Autre Version, so our expectations were high going into the meal. \n\nAlthough our dinner started off well, we were soon sorely disappointed. When our entrees arrived, my wife received something she did not order. Mistakes happen, and we took it in stride, but what followed was an unacceptable lapse in customer service that should never have happened in a restaurant of the caliber at which l'Autre Version claims to be. First, the waiter (likely in an effort to make life easier for himself) convinced me to keep my entree rather than ask the kitchen to make a new one, promising us that her entree would be out in ten minutes or less. 25 minutes later, my wife received her dinner after my plate was mostly cleared (and the rest of my food now cold) despite my efforts to eat slowly so that we could eat part of our dinner together. During this time, our waiter checked in once--after my wife's wine glass was already empty--to tell us that her meal would be out in two minutes (it wasn't). After she received her meal, he disappeared again until time to deliver the check--comping a glass of wine for my wife and half of her $30+ entree. My wine glass, long drained by that point (the pours were particularly stingy) apparently was never noticed. \n\nMaybe our waiter was embarrassed or maybe he just didn't care, but the level of service is certainly some of the worst we have ever experienced. The waiter was correct when he said that comping half of my wife's meal was \""the least\"" the restaurant could do; he certainly made no effort to do anything more than that. We recommend that you skip l'Autre Version.
We got a free meal from the hotel so why not?\n\nWhile I haven't had a number of buffets in Vegas, those that I have had scored higher on the score cards. More The Buffet is the bottom of the wash barrel, worse than bath water. We came in during dinner and upon walking up to the register, was pretty surprised to see the $20 price tag. However, the yellow tinted lighting should have given me a the red flag. None of the food there is memorable, it's a self serve beverage station- I should've ordered alcohol, and we sat across two table that have not been bussed from the moment we arrived to the time we left. Imagine, stacks and stacks of plates with half eaten portions. Bleh.\n\nNext time, if there ever is one, I will have to exchange that offer for something more palatable like play credits or show tickets.\n\nNote: pay the extra $10 and go to another buffet.
I am a Nepali and I am really disappointed with their food. Went there because of the good review but to tell the truth, never had this kind of Nepali food in my life. The only good thing was hot pickle. I don't like to give bad reviews but this is not what I was expecting from a Nepali Restaurant.
I really wanted to love this place, but I just kept on being disappointed by the experience.  When we walked in it was quite warm in the room, but cool outside.  There were no seat available, and when three chairs did open up, it was at a table that had to be shared with another group who was already there.  My son asked for hot apple cider, and they didn't bring it out for almost a half hour and it was cold, like refrigerator cold.  People kept on kicking my chair because there wasn't enough room for everyone in the restaurant, and there were about a half dozen flies zooming around trying to get a piece of everyone's breakfast.  For the price, I was left wanting a higher quality experience.
This place is extremely overpriced for what you get. I was really excited when it first opened, but after eating there two or three times, it's lost its novelty, and I see it for what it really is: overpriced and boring. The vegetarian sandwich is nothing that you can't get at the convenience stores inside the Memorial Union for a bit less.
Garbage. The ice cream is tasteless, flavorless and it is not made on site. The barrels are delivered and shoved into the freezer ala Baskin robbins (which is way better). The three samples I tried (Mackinaw, peach and Cinnamon) did not have that punch a real ice cream shoppe nowadays would expect. The place will also cost you an arm and a leg for one tiny scoop - almost 4 bucks. You can almost buy a good lunch for that price. The flavor I ordered was cinnamon and like I said it tasted more like vanilla. I was done in 5 spoonfuls. They also don't offer chocolate chips as a topping. This place should have never left Chicago or it should have closed in 2007 when it switched owners. Might fit in though in Old Town, where over priced everything is well appreciated, but only overpay for quality stuff, not this fake ice cream.
Came for a late lunch after a duck tour across the street. The restaurant is located inside of a mall like building tucked in awkwardly behind offices. The decor is a simple Japanese style. The music took away from the food and decor. It was a strange hybrid between modern sounding guitar and traditional Japanese music, either way it became slightly annoying after the first few minutes. We ordered miso and and 6 rolls. The soup was alright. The rolls were presented nicely, but over sauced and tasted salty. The quality of the food did not warrant the cost. Single pieces of sushi were outrageously priced. No where near the quality of CA sushi, but it was okay for Pittsburgh. I was highly surprised by the rave reviews listed across social media sites.  Overall, would not recommend.
Great music! Dance floor was too small and nowhere to sit and lounge!
10 years ago Red Devil was bomb. 2014 straight trash. I don't get it and you go to the store and then some of the same managers that have been working there for years.
Usually great, the guy who starts the sandwich decided I didn't matter once he saw a customer he recognized. I ended up being skipped to get the regulars better service. Told the cashier that isn't good service and I probably won't come back. She was polite, apologized offered freebies. I turned them down, hope they learn to treat people with equally good service and respect.
Spent a while walking around trying to decide where to eat, and ended up stopping here.\n\nThe food was fine.  I liked my dish, but it wasn;t spectacular.\n\nThe service was really terrible.  We were sitting outside and saw our waitress three times.  When the order was taken and when the food was ready and when she brought the check.  There was no asking if we wanted more booze (even though she had already upsold us on the original margarita), and getting her attention when she was walking by to service the other table was impossible.  After she left the check we waited about 20 minutes for her to come and run the card, but that never happened.  Had to ask the hostess to take care of it.  She gave it to the server who, annoyed, returned it with a simple \""there you go\"".\n\nHopefully she was just having a bad night but that wasn't the impression that I got.
I think I expected too much.... I would have been better off sitting at home ordering pasta and bread sticks from pizza hut. That's how much I regret coming here. The shrimp alfredo pasta was ridiculous, basically just boiled fettuccine and cheap alfredo sauce from a jar and probably frozen shrimp that's just been boiled. The bread sticks tasted ok but like I said, pizza hut could have done it better. And the salad? Oh my god... Just plain iceberg lettuce and crappy store bought vinaigrette. Nothing tasted authentic restaurant made, it was like cafeteria food!
I was not familiar with Penn & Teller's performance style before attending their show. The tickets were a gift from a friend. I was not ready for the soapbox political stances they were going to use their show for. I really thought I was there to be entertained. I was most uncomfortable when they went on and on about their \""rights\"" as Americans. The continual harping of his stances on guns, security, and the putting down of other countries did not have the effect on some of his audience that I think he was aiming for. Instead I walked away thinking I had just listened to a very uninformed uneducated person talk about things he knew very little about for an hour and fifteen minutes. They also had the audience sign an envelope before the show......don't waste your time, stay in your seat and drink a cocktail.\nLastly, the magic was very nice and I appreciated Teller's quietness the entire performance. It made up for his partner's brass and encumbering demeanor on stage. I thought it was a nice touch that they both stay after the show for autographs.....although I think you can already tell I didn't stay to get one;)
Meh. It's just a grilled cheese sandwich. Nothing else. I can make the exact same thing at home and not pay $8 for it. Like someone else said, this is just a fad.
Worst service at any Starbucks I've ever been to. I try to avoid coming to this location at all costs, but it's the closest to me and sometimes I think the service just might be better this next time. Every time I order a cooked good item, every time, I wait for over ten minutes and have to remind them that I ordered it. They have 10 people working behind the counter and it is the slowest service ever! And my drink, absolutely garbage compared to every other Starbucks, including the ones inside the grocery stores. Amazing how this place is allowed to operate like this.
Great service but food was like from a camping trip - powdered eggs, microwaved sausage patty, and Eggo waffles - no lie!
I don't mind pizza delivery that takes an hour, by and in itself. However, when it takes over an hour to deliver, *and* the pizza, pasta, and breadsticks are cold, I find that this store may have a management problem.\n\nI will not be ordering from here again.
da ich den vorigen (und ersten)Beitrag zum Epplesee recht d\u00fcrftig finde, hier schnell ein paar Eindr\u00fccke, die ich von diesem See habe:\n\n\n Recht gro\u00df ist er, das stimmt. \nDeshalb tummeln sich \u00f6fter mal auch Surfer am See. Von Bekannten die dort auch surfen habe ich allerdings schon geh\u00f6rt, dass die B\u00f6en an diesem See nicht untersch\u00e4tzt werden d\u00fcrfen.\n\n\n Es gibt einen recht gro\u00dfen Parkplatz, f\u00fcr den man soweit ich wei\u00df inzwischen Geb\u00fchren berappen muss, und das gar nicht wenig.\n\n\n Ebenso gibt es ein kleines Kiosk, an dem man sich mit Getr\u00e4nken und Eis versorgen kann.\n\n\n Es gibt teilweise Sandstrand. An der westlichen Seite gibt es einen sch\u00f6nen Sandstrand, an dem sich haupts\u00e4chlich FKK-Anh\u00e4nger finden.\n\n\n Am Epplesee sieht man auch \u00f6fter mal Tauchgruppen, die hier (afugrund der gro\u00dfen Tiefe ein beliebtes Ziel) ihre \u00dcbrungen absolvieren. \nDiese Tiefe macht den See aber auch nicht gerade ungef\u00e4hrlich zum Baden und Schwimmen.\n\n\n Ich selbst gehe seit l\u00e4ngerem nicht mehr an den \""Epple\"", weil ich zumindest im sp\u00e4ten Sommer die Qualit\u00e4t des Wassers nicht mehr als angenehm empfinde. \nAu\u00dferdem ist der See besonders am Wochenende einfach \u00fcberf\u00fcllt.\n\n\n Fazit: ich finde es gibt wesentlich sch\u00f6nere und angenehmere Seen in und um Karlsruhe.
This store, by far, employs the most unintelligent, unhelpful, and blatantly rude/lazy staff I've ever seen in the Kroger family of stores. \n\nI actually had a self-check cashier who was too lazy to push a single button to clear my screen for me, and kept INSISTING that I wait for her to finish her social conversation, while lying to me and claiming she was helping some man that she wasn't talking to... (She was instead gossiping with two other customers/friends of hers.) \n\nOf course, I get stuck with such incompetence while I've got meat in my car, baking at 110 degrees. Not only did she refuse to do her job, but she refused to page a manager, and then attempted to incite a fight between myself and another customer. After I went and got the manager, I returned to find the woman gossiping about me to another customer who wasn't even involved. \n\nSpoke with the store director the next day. Explained the situation, was informed that it was not the first time this woman had behaved poorly and not followed procedure... yet she's still working there a month or two later. She also seems to have a penchant for sticking her nose in everyone else's business, because every time I see her, she's gossiping with someone about someone else in the store or about other customers. \n\nThanks, but I'll take my business elsewhere. Don't need that shit when I'm trying to buy some groceries.
Where time stands still!   Worse restaurant experience of my life.  Would like to tell you how good the food was but it never came after waiting over half an hour.  There was only four tables in use so don't blame the crowds.  I feel sorry for the locals who rely on Dom's dead zone.
Tried this place for the first time and got their version of an Italian. The ingredients quality was fine enough but I gotta say their Italian is nothing more than just a ham sandwich. If I wanted a ham sandwich I would have ordered just that. Where is the salami Mike?  If you want a real Italian Sub ladies and gents head up to 16th St & Bethany Home Rd. to Niccoli's and get it done right!
Very nice clean place.  Got a Pedicure and was there less than 30 minutes.  $45 + tip.  Too expensive for what it is.
Food Quality has declined. Not gonna order from them anymore. I ordered  some food and was burned-See pic This not what it used to be. I know I'm not the only person who notice. The people who take the orders did not care about a complaint regarding the quality of food or how to make a particular dish properly. They insisted that what they were serving was correct and I know better! It's Sad no one cares over there. I will not go back.
Stayed at Palms Place for two nights this week.  Hotel is off the strip, but very accessible and not hard to find. Our check in went smoothly and we were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room and the great views of the strip. The following, however, made our stay at Palms Place one that I would not want to repeat again and would not recommend it to any of my friends:\n- The lights in the main hallway right by the room entrance were not working, which made it hard to open the door and even harder to find a light switch inside the room. It would have been pretty spooky if I was by myself, but I wasn't scared with my husband by my side. Oh well, I thought I will just call the front desk and have them fix it. Called three times during our stay, but nobody came up to check it out and  the light bulbs were not changed.\n- After walking in the room, we noticed the strange smell. I decided that it is from the cleaners they use and did not pay much attention. However, we noticed later that the cabinets and the kitchen counters were covered in dust! \n- The mini bar was locked the entire stay. Called the front desk, but my request was completely ignored again.\n- The next morning I decided to take a bath. Looking for a plug which was nowhere to be found I noticed several pieces of hair on the bottom of the tub. Being the optimist that I am, got some Kleenex and swiped it off. But when the water started to pour, there was more and more hair collecting on top!!!. In shock I called the front desk again and although my complaint was met with apologies from the front desk person, the housekeeper was only send up after I spoke to the manager! And that's all he could offer, a fast housekeeping service, which took about 15 minutes to show up. After the bathroom was cleaned the strange smell I mentioned before has disappeared.\n- Wrongful charges, mismanaged accounting and rude staff. At the time you reserve a room at Palms Place you credit card is charged for one night of you stay as a deposit for your reservation. It is noted on your reservation that the hotel will hold extra $150.00 on your credit card to cover the incidental charges. What they don't tell you is that it is not a hold, but an actual charge which is later supposed to be  returned!  The additional charge on my credit card was not  $150, but $198, for a reason that the staff could not explain. And my credit card was charged three times more than the balance due on the reservation statement. After calling the accounting department, I was informed that the computer systems were down all this week and that they will not be able to return the wrongful charges for another week. In addition,  my call was met with cold and arrogant attitude which I noticed from most of the staff member while staying there. The manager at the accounting department  yelled at me for asking too many questions and not listening to her, when I was trying to figure out when and why  the money was taken and how it will be refunded. \nIn summation, the hotel staff was unaccommodating, rude and arrogant. The overall vibe  was that they are doing you a favor by letting stay here and you cannot ask for stuff to be fixed or wrongful charges returned.  \nTerrible experience, which is not over yet. Have to call regarding the charges by the end of next week...
Caf\u00e9 Zupas claims to be a healthy, inexpensive alternative to regular fast food.  First, I am not sure how healthy their food is because they fail to post nutrition any nutritional information.  Second, read the menu for descriptions and don't add extras.  On a recent visit after seeing a movie at Harkins Norterra, my wife and I decided to try the place that recently opened in place of Johnny Rockets.  \nI ordered Chicken  Tortilla Soup and Chicken Chop Salad, My wife ordered a pesto chicken Panini.  As we went through the line, I asked for some peas.  The peas were immersed in water and the preparer added no more than a tablespoon but also managed to dilute the miniscule blue cheese added at the beginning of the line. Then, I noticed there were no tortilla strips on the Chicken Tortilla Soup, so I asked for some.  Now, I was at register and I was charged $4.99 for the Panini, $7.99 for the soup and salad, $.59 for the peas and $.59 for the missing tortilla strips in the soup.  My wife and I sat down and tried to eat our food.  The amount of chicken, tomato bits, bacon bits and egg slices were so minimal that I felt cheated immediately.  In addition, it was watered down by the clumsy person who added the peas.  Worse than the salad, the chicken tortilla soup tasted like salt and had NOTHING in it but broth and tasteless chicken.  We tried twice to get the manager to complain, but they kept walking.  Finally, one of the floor bussers, came over and asked what was wrong.  He noticed something was wrong and went to get her.  The manager came over and asked what was wrong.  I told her the salad was watery and tasteless and had very little in it other than cheap iceberg lettuce. I also told her I could feel my blood pressure rising from the excess salt in the soup and the audacity to call it chicken tortilla soup when you charged extra for the tortilla strips.  She offered to replace it with anything else on the menu so I asked for the nutritional information.  She told me that was not made available by the company so I told her never mind, just get me a refund.  She said that was not their policy.  \nThis restaurant is so bad, I warn you to stay away.  For the same amount of money spent here, you can get unlimited soups and salads at Olive Garden which is so much better.  Even Sweet Tomatoes is a much better value with greater variety.  Don't waste your time or money here.
Was wandering around and got hungry. Took a look at the menu and decided to give it a shot.\n\nWell, it's just stupidly overpriced for what you get. I have no problem with the Vegas premium but $26 for a tiny rainbow roll? Come on guys. \n\nThe clam chowder was decent but again way too much money for way too little soup. They did give me a ton of crackers I guess that is how they expect you to fill up.\n\nNo thanks. You do not get your moneys worth here.
I decided to try their brunch because it is my favorite meal and there are not enough Phoenix spots that excel in that culinary space.,I so miss Local Breeze downtown! \n\nWell, the staff and service were fine. Not exceptional but fine.  The table was dirty when we sat down playing host to some salt and bits of vegetation. We dusted it off and soldiered on...I ordered the Veggie Omelette with egg whites and no cheese.  It came soaked/drenched in oil and very light on the veggies.. For $11 it should have been at least ample..Very disappointing.. The Original Pancake House has a better veggie omelet. My girlfriend got the steel cut oats and she only had 3 bites.. just over cooked mush.  We each had a champagne brunch cocktail, she a bellini and me a Central 75 both $9 dollars but made well. \n\nBasically this place is fine for booze and the bar scene but not for real cuisine.  Such a shame.. Great location that Lenny gave up..Would have hoped for more.
I ordered the Caesar salad with anchovies. I also had the pulled chicken buffalo mac  and cheese and for my beverage I had a mimosa, many mimosas. \nThe plating was very attractive on the Caesar salad it was well dressed and this was a meal where the salad was better then the entree. The pulled chicken buffalo mac and cheese was ridiculously over priced.  $18.00 that is too steep and $9.00 for a mimosa.\n\nEating at Six Penn Kitchen was one of the only times I have spent $70.00 dollars on a meal and left with the feeling that I could easily replicate that at home.  I make buffalo chicken dip for pot lucks all the time. I could have prepared this dish for $4.00 and the pasta was not macaroni or fresh it was limp rotini.
Great a cheap ass in our party said this is the best deal on the strip. It sounds like what you are telling me is.......Fat pale girls around the pool that is out dated. But before i get to the pool i have to worry about gun fire and lung cancer.  Then i will get a drink that taste like someone pissed in it.  On the walk to the casino that looks alot close than it is i will get robbed.  Well the way i look at it it has loose slots and every time i have spent a weekend in vegas i have stayed somewhere different and out side the mgm or luxer  i never spent time at any of them.   I cant wait to post the review on this old pile.
The assistant manager Lindzy was rude and stated we were late for our appointment. I clarified with her the time that we were scheduled.  She insisted she was correct. I came into the store the day before to make the appointment and was sure of the time. She continued to insist I was incorrect. I cancelled my appointment due to her attitude.
Stopped here today for lunch.  Ordered pizza by the slice.  1 hour later our pizza came, without an apology of the delay of the pizza.  It was not crowded at all at the restaurant.  A family came in after us, we received their bread sticks, they took it off our table and handed it to their table.  Is that even sanitary?  They also received their full pizza before we got ours.  \n\nPizza was greasy and tasted like jar sauce.  crust was good.
No more made to order omelets and you can't pick exactly what you want in your crepes, instead you just pick from a predetermined list of crepes and pre-made scrambled eggs. I understand that the change makes it faster getting through lines but it definitely isn't as great of a value as it was. The rest of the food was just mediocre
Staff is really nice, but the problem is that they put ice into their hot coffee and then called it \""iced coffee.\"" Sure, the location is convenient, especially for ASU grad students, but Starbucks at the MU is worth the wait in comparison. But, be sure to try their soup...that's the only thing that keeps me going back.
This place is not really great at all.  They use chemicals.  Seems like false advertising to me.  I found the lady at the counter exceptionally rude.  Items were not ready when promised.  Poor customer service.  I will not go back.
Man, the amazing hand made Veggie Egg Rolls stuffed with cabbage, sprouts, and ginger in a nice thick wonton wrapper at the old Chop and Wok location have been replaced with frozen egg rolls out of a bag stuffed with mush.  I am so sad.  The old egg rolls were one of my favorite food items in the Valley.  I used to pick up bag fulls to take home and savor.  Today I bought 4 of them, but called it a day after eating one.  If you ever bring the old ones back Cop and Wok, I would be eternally grateful!\n\n*This review is only for the veggie egg roles and not intended to reflect anything else the Chop and Wok offers.  The service today was also really good fwiw.
I was really hoping to love Bask - as I've been reading quite a few good reviews. See, it wasn't that Bask was horrible per se, but it was that it just failed to have any \""mmmm\"" factor. Let me explain, \""mmmm\"" factor is when something is so tasty you literally moan outloud in pleasure. Yes, I do this on occasion. \n\nWe started with the scallop raviolis. They were um, small (3 half dollar sized pockets)...and FRIED. What the heck - we didn't want fried \""ravioli\""- we wanted pasta. I felt that the menu should have distinguished this, as were really disappointed - this dish was simply NOT worth $10. Another person I was dining with had some crab dip that was well crabless tasting and dry - but we did like the homemade pita very much. \n\nFor my meal I had a small plate recommendation and went with the spicy grilled shrimp. The shrimp were ok but a bit cool temp-wise. The fried green tomatoes were tasteless. \n\nLastly I had the apple turnovers as I remember reading they were good. They must have ran out of caramel sauce as they used chocolate syrup - and the apples were non-existent. We were expecting big slices but instead got a babies-handful of chopped apple. \n\n\nMy $12 citrus fizz drink wasn't anything special and was overly-limey. I wish I had listened to Nicole W. and skipped it! \n\nOverall it was just a let-down...and for two apps/ dessert plus one special drink and one beer (with a $25 groupon in there somewhere)   - my portion was just about $40 with tax. \n\nMost likely I won't be back. Two stars was being kind.
I always feel intimidated when I walk in this store. I know the products are expensive, but I am always floored when I see the price tags, and the staff seems snooty. Yes, they may give a good fit and have great stuff, but I think  more enthusiastic personnel is required here, especially at these prices.
I love cafe rio. today was super slow, bad attitude day it seems. all the employees were super pushy and very irritated with basic requests such as guac or sour cream. granted the food ended up being delicious, as always, customer service for sure needs improvement at this location.
Eww.  Just eww.  I'm not sure what happened to the food quality at this place, but it's definitely gone downhill from the last time I had dinner here.  First, the positive.  1)  The location is fun.  Sitting on the \""patio\"" at the Forum Shops location is great people watching for us Vegas locals; 2) The service was great.  Our hostess, waiter and busboy were all very friendly and attentive, however I will say that they were a bit too quick to want to remove my husband's salad before he was even finished eating it.  Now, the negative.  My lobster bisque was very good, I will give them that.  However, my filet oscar was not.  Although the filet was very very tender (no knife needed), it lacked any type of sear or flavor.  Honestly, it tasted like it came out of a microwave.  You know, like when you were in college and would take home steak to reheat later (because you're in college and steak was a commodity not to be wasted)....but it never tasted the same because a microwave kills the flavor and the texture.  Well, that was my steak.  it was gray, bland and mushy.  And the creamed spinach, well...it was nothing to write home about.  The first time I had creamed spinach was at a Palm in Chicago.  I fell immediately in love and I was forever in search of the perfect creamed spinach at each steakhouse I'd frequent.  But this time, alas, this time it was less than love.  Not even really \""like\"" at this point.  I took the first bite and tasted vinegar.  No creamy cream, no garlic, no parmesan.  Just vinegar.  Bleh.    Unfortunately, it just wasn't the Palm of my memories and we won't be going back.  Thank you for the great service, but no thank you for the bland food.
Yelp really needs to add a 0 star. Their food is garbage. I guess it's a good thing their servings are small which is why I did not feel guilty throwing the rest of it away.
The tacos are good and the back patio has a ton of seating. The drinks, which were supposed to be their claim to fame, are good but not great. Most drinks are slightly over priced but it's a cool, clean place and one can expect a price bump.\n\nWorst part about this place are the bartenders. Bad attitudes, are slow, mess up drink orders and ultimately do not belong behind a bar. Seriously.. get some new staff and this place will be worth going back to. Til then there's plenty of better bars on the East side to visit.
Went into the wild this weekend nice looking place service was horrible not a friendly environment customer service is at a low
I have been to Kyoto several times and food is good for the PRICE especially lunches. Phoenix has surprisingly good sushi restaurants and Kyoto is one of them. It's not NY nor LA but...\n\nMy biggest beef(or tuna) with Kyoto is their lack of sympathy for people with service animal. They DO NOT allow service animals in their restaurant.  We have two Yorkies and they are our service  dogs.  We have never been denied access to a restaurant before. This is not very AMERICAN. Maybe it's a Japanese thing:(\n\nAnyway NO GO for animal lovers!
I was in Vegas for work.. but wanted to have a nice meal .. my fiends and I came here as a sort of last resort after \""lemongrass\"" had disappointed us with having a broken down kitchen...\n\nwe saw the \""$3.00 Beer!\"" sign at this pub and decided that sounded great.. We waited for about 10 mins to be seated..even though it wasn't even that crowded..\n\nour server decided to come to our table after 3 more people had already come and did stuff.. I kinda wish the bus boys would have been our server instead because this girl was awful. I get that sometimes you really don't give a s**t about your customers sometimes, as a server (I was a server for several years) but at least PRETEND. Put on that fake smile. \n\nThis girl didnt even care that she made it completely obvious that she didn't care about us.. She clearly cared more about the 10-top full of males who would tip her based on the fact that she was a remotely attractive female..\n\n  After sitting there for 20 mins, we were finally asked if we'd like drinks.. we excitedly asked about the $3 beer.. \""oh.. we're actually out of that\"" and she didn't really give us any other options..\n\nthankfully YELP! Actually had a \""free pint beer\"" check-in offer. but it was of BUD which I HATE..but oh well.\n\nmy $12.00 hot wings were the quality of Buffalo Wild Wings.. which I could have gotten for about half of what I paid for these.. don't get me wrong.. I LOVE Buffalo Wild Wings.. but if I'm paying that much for 6 hot wings.. they better be the best wings I've ever had.. which they weren't.. .. at all.\n  My friend ordered a $20 Burger with Bacon.. it came without the bacon.. which she had to mention.. it also came Bleeding.. and she's ordered it medium\nwell...\n\nMy other friends' portobello mushroom burger, on the other hand, was completely over-cooked. It looked like a burnt piece of cardboard.\n\nWe asked her to box our leftovers.. She proceeded to throw them all in ONE bag....\n   I specifically said \""can you keep the blue cheese with my wings , please?\"" no blue cheese was in my to/go box.\n\n  by far the worst eating experience I've had in Vegas.. I'll be going to that burger place at the Aria next time.. with the brisket bloody mary's and burgers that are worth the high-prices.\n   Todd English P.U.B... pfft more like.. Todd English A.S.S
You are most definitely allowed to have a dog in a restaurant if it's a service animal. By law, you are not allowed to ask me anything other than if she's a service animal. Doesn't have to wear a vest. Check the ADA laws before you offend someone. \n\nProbably should also make sure the hostess doesn't give people a look like we're crazy. It's offensive and there are plenty of other sushi options in Old Town that won't be so judgemental. \n\nI haven't eaten gotten my food and I'm turned off to this place right now.
I was torn about Yelping my experience at Pho Huong Saigon since I am very inexperienced with Vietnamese cuisine.  I didn't want to speak on something I had no knowledge of.  I do however know what a good dining experience is, and this wasn't one of them.\n\nI walked into a dingy, empty room during lunch to be ignored by the waiter who couldn't have been older than 14.  I ordered the egg rolls and a small bowl of Pho with well-done beef.  Normally I would never beef well done but I didn't want to take any chances here.\n\nThe egg rolls were average at best.  They were served with a clear sauce, which I think was a fish sauce.\n\nThe pho was more like a drink than a meal.  The broth was fine, as long as you love you MSG, but the veggies and meat were not good.  I tried everything in the bowl, and really nothing had much flavor besides the broth.  \n\nI don't know what good pho is, but I can't imagine this was it.
If you're ever shot in the parking lot of St. Rose Dominican, insist that the ambulance driver take you to a different hospital.\n\nBut if you want to be cared for by nurses who will forget to give you painkillers when you come out from under anesthesia after major surgery, and will expose you to infection by sending you home with a bag of drained blood dangling from the site of said surgery, then by all means, enjoy your stay.\n\nI don't know if a language barrier contributes to the stunningly poor care from the nurses at St. Rose Dominican, but it's there.\n\nWhat I witnessed here was an absolute nightmare.
stopped in to have front brake pads replaced. just had everything replaced less then a year ago just wanted to avoid pads getting too thin and risking damage. they quoted me for two new Roters (less then a year old), brake fluid flush (just had done last week with yearly service) already told them that. went in for two pads they quoted me over $400.00 They didn't want to give me the keys, but I did get them and walked out. I will never be back.
Hey! A tea store! What's not to love?\n\nUh, everything, apparently.\n\nCrazy prices, middling-quality teas, obnoxious minimum purchases, a ridiculous affinity for tutti-frutti blended teas, and a bunch of insipid nonsense about the soul-cleansing properties of boiled leaves.\n\nI especially like the scam they run with the containers. In case you haven't heard this one before, they automatically put your tea into a tin. They don't ask, and they don't bother mentioning that piddly little slave-labor pot metal tin is $7, apparently hoping you go all glossy-eyed at checkout and can't do math in your head. \""Goodness,\"" they must hope you think, \""tax must have gone up quite a lot!\""\n\nSkip it. You can get much better tea with much better service at much better prices by making the trek to Souvia or using any of the reputable catalog companies. Maybe Starbucks will force-feed Teavana some customer service skills after the acquisition is final, but my hopes are not high.
Had a groupon for a family meal.  Gave us only dark meat (4 legged chicken anyone).  No breast meat (ad was for a whole chicken).  Also gave only small sides.  Not friendly.  Good ribs and beans-had better though and will not go back.
Not so sure about this place...\n\nI don't want to necessary sit here and spew a bunch of bad things about the bar as it wasn't the worst experience I have ever had and I just don't think it was exactly what I was looking for in regards to environment.  I was intending on going out for my birthday to have drinks, play some foosball, darts, and I saw that they had Wii, I thought, well this could be fun.  Live bands and some games, what could be better!  Well, I don't know about all that.  \n\nThere were apparently four different live bands that were heading up the evening and they were supposed to start at 9; I figured, well prob like 915-920 because now and then everyone has issues and runs late.  So, my buddy and I show up at 9 and don't hear the band playing, I thought okay, whatever- I figured, right?  So I play, I got quick service from the bartender which was nice, and they comp'd as I was playing, so good there as well.  Now it's time for darts, sadly the machines were older so they didn't take dollars (bring your quarters! Or do what I did) so, I went to the bar and got some change.  By now it's about 930 ( the band started a song, stopped, started again, stopped, and did that like 4 times, then played for a minute, then stopped) they all walked outside.... I started scratching my head wondering If they actually started really early and that was it or it was a test or something...   Suddenly band members start coming in and dropping off equipment, they have now commandeered the entire play section, so that meant no Beer Pong, no Foosball, No Wii, no Darts so now all I had to look forward to was the band...Anyhow, flash forward to 10, still no live bands.  A couple more of my friends showed up and the one went to ask if they were playing, because if not, we were leaving- she said well yeah I think that they are supposed to start now (@ 10pm she said) so just hang around, don't leave.  Okay.... We waited... Yikes! 1030 rolls around and STILL nothing.  At this point I'm ready to bounce and go somewhere actually entertaining for my birthday.  FINALLY right as I'm telling everyone lets go, that band that left came back on stage, and they started to play.  Well the band was good, the singer not so much for what they were playing, she could have been excellent in something more jazzy or slow, she forced her voice too high for these songs..  Okay okay. I'm no freaking Simon Cowel, I don't know why I'm starting to critic her singing (sorry, habit!) Anyhow, I wasn't feeling this band AT ALL, none of my group of 6 was ( the play area was gone) so we all decided to leave and hit up another place.  \n\nI'm sad that it wasn't great because their website seriously makes it seem like the bomb digitty, I think with angle shots and some photo shop on lighting effects they make this place look nothing like what it actually looks like.  I must say that I was highly disappointed in this first visit, but I won't strike it off my radar, and might even increase the stars on my visit next time around if it is better.  They seem to have a local fan base, so maybe in a couple months I'll come back in and give it a try.  But for now, I can't give it more than what it gave me.  \n\nP.S.  What in Shinola is in the back room by the bathrooms - all I saw was a dark curtain, a very butch bouncer and a weird lighting scene back there.  Very intrigued!
Grade: F\n\nThis place sucks ass. I am not the only one who thinks that either. Nuff said.
Lets get some things straight - I'm colour blind, and as such, I do not think I am able to experience what others experience in Joe.\n\nFemale friends who have broiught me in here go on about so much colour and how sweet and charming this place is.I just dont see the appeal - its all a bit tacky and shiny and just a bit... pointless.\n\nThe times I have been in here I have always seen people (mostly girls, but not always) excitedly survaying all items, and I just cant agree with them - biut clearly Joe does have many fans.
Okay...here's the deal with Bottled Blonde- this is like an awesome bar for your early 20's. However for my halfway to thirty (okay fine, a little closer than halfway) self, I've just well...outgrown it. I would prefer a more mellow place that's not as crowded and loud (god, I can't believe I just said that!). BUT here's how I would party here going forward:\n\nRather than waiting until 10 or 11 at night, I suggest you roll in after work and grab some pizza, drink and stick around for when it starts getting clubby. By then, you'll have a good buzz going. \n\nI know what you're thinking, \""Why the harsh two star rating when you've admitted that this place just wasn't your style?\"" Here it goes: what really bugged me was that someone shoved my friend out of the way while we were there. I turned around to see what bitch pulled that move and to my extreme horror saw that she was sporting the red hot shorts uniform. IT WAS AN EMPLOYEE!!! WHAT? How rude is that? I mean, I get it, my friend was D-RUNK and probably in her way but still. I would have complained to a manager but seriously it takes a hundred years to flag down a bartender, I can only imagine how much longer it would be to find a manager.
I am a hot & juicy fan.. Even before it was on the travel channel and became so widely popular. I have preached the wonders of shrimp and crawfish to all my friends and will even choose H&J over The BoilingCrab. I have had many wonderful dinners at the original location and the servers are always so attentive. So why the low rating for this new location you ask? Its not the food that lacks at this location, it's the service. \n\nWe tried out this place on a Thursday night around 9:00.. It wasn't too busy so when we arrived the hostess sat us right after she cleared up a booth. After a while a not so enthusiastic nor friendly server took our drink order. Then when she came back we ordered 2 lbs of shrimp + potatoes, rice, rolls and sweet potato fries. \n\nSlowly our order started to arrive one by one delivered by a food runner.. Soon we received everything except the sweet potato fries. Over half way through our dinner still no fries.. And no sign of our server.. So we have to flag someone down & ask and we find out that they ran out of SP fries a while a go and our server was supposed to tell us.. Then we are told not to worry it will immediately be taken off our check..\n\nAt this point our server has yet to once check up on us.. I spot her bottle blonde pig tails numerous times chit chatting with her co workers and horsing around.. \n\nThen we have to flag someone down again to place a Togo order but then we're told the kitchen is closed...  \n\nFinally our server shows up only to plop a\ncheckbook down on the table.. Peeved, we want to leave so we give her our card., when it comes back we realize they didn't take off the fries after all.. So we go to the front and the girl apologizes and says she needs to swipe the card again but we should be rest assured it will only be charged once because they settle all the transactions at the end of the night. So there goes another 5 minutes of waiting around due to bad service all the while food is still being brought out to tables.. \""kitchen closed\"" my a$$.. \n\n..The next day sure enough the card got charged twice from hot and juicy. \n\nNow I'm sorry, I honestly don't mean to be rude and I am a pretty patient person but seriously how hard is it to be a server at a restaurant that only has plastic silverware, paper towels and serves their food from a plastic bag.. ? Had the server just done her job adequately my experience would have been great.
This used to be the best buffet in Vegas.  However, with what it costs now even for Vegas residents its just not worth it.
This Target has Phycho employees! I went into the fitting room area with my daughter, 13 and the employee, DESI was EXTREMELY rude to us from the start. She treated us like criminals as she grabbed the clothes out of our hands with force to count them. Apparently I do not know how to count to 6 in front of her. My daughter was trying on a couple of bikinis and was going to need help as well as was going to need my approval. Desi said it was Target corporate policy that we could not be in the same room. LIE NUMBER ONE! Believe me, I called. We went into separate rooms like she ordered. Each time my daughter came out to show me something, DESI stepped into the hall to watch us to make sure we were not in the same room. At one point my daughter was having trouble getting the latch hooked in the back of her top. I went into her room to help her connect it, and within 3 seconds DESI was there banging on our door violently demanding that I get out of her fitting room. It frightened my daughter so much she began to cry. I lost it. We got a manager involved in the situation and as I was telling the manager what happened, DESI was in the back ground laughing and rolling her eyes. My husband caught her twice and brought it to the attention of the manager. As we were talking to the manager, another customer came out and complained about the way DESI was treating her as well. \n\nAbsolutely nothing was done. I am so disappointed in Target as a whole. The manager has not called me back, and corporate was a joke. Now my daughter is fearful of that Target and hesitant to go into a fitting room. Thanks Target
I tend to like dualing piano bars, so while deciding what to do with the rest of our night, we stopped here for drinks.  However, I'm not a fan of the drum track that was played under each song.  Either just play the piano or hire a real drummer or a bass player for the bass line.  Getting a drink was a hassle.  It took the waitress forever to come to our table and looked like she was the only person working the entire place... which explains why some patrons were going to the bar and getting drinks way faster than we did.  The waitress finally came, took our order, then took forever to bring them to us.  When she came, I gave her a $50 because I didn't have anything smaller for a Jack and coke and a beer.  She tells me \""Oh this is a fifty.  I don't have change, I have to go get it.  You gave me a fifty, okay?\"" then disappeared for probably 5 minutes or so.  When she reappeared, she proceeded to bust tables around us but made no attempts to bring my change.  Then she went into the back for a few more minutes and came back out to bust more tables around us.  I mean-mugged her and she came over to our table and asked \""Did I forget to give you your order?\""  So I had to remind her that she owes me close to $40 in change since I paid with a fifty, then she said she was bringing it to me, and that she decided to do everything else but bring me my change.  She apologized, said she needed to go get change, went into the back, and came back with my change.  SMH.  We stayed a bit longer without ordering more drinks.  One male singer was alright.  There was a female singer who was butchering all of the songs with her off-key voice and horrible hair extensions, but she thought she was rockin' out.  I think the rest of the bar was just wasted.  Laughing at other people in the bar provided the best entertainment.  I can see how this place good be a good time and when I walked by a other nights, there was always a crowd.  I just happened to have a not-great experience.  I might try it again next time I'm in Vegas but I'll go to the bar and get my own drinks.
Simple way overpriced small portions and worst of all as I was paying my bill $12 for Sm Pastrami n Sm drink.Roaches scurrying on the counter.unfortunately for me I had eaten,But for u still a chance lol.
I struggle to see what all these reviewers saw in this place. I've had my share of wonderful Greek food, my husband is Greek and happens to be very good at cooking his mom's Greek dishes. This place was a huge disappointment in every way.\n\n1. Service - Awful. One Russian waiter who did EVERYTHING while an old guy stood around and watched him. I saw another table ask where there food was and he said \""I'm the only one here today and all these people came in at the same time\"", no apology, nothing. We sat for 15 minutes before our spanikopita came out. Another 20 minutes until our lunch came. At first we thought - this is what we get for going to a Greek restaurant on Greek Easter BUT this place is run by Russians! So that's not even an excuse. We did notice three other tables with Russian patrons were served much more quickly than us.\n\n2. Food - all lukewarm. Spanikopita was like none other I've had, and not in a good way. Hardly any filling and there was crunchy stuff on the top. It was ok, but it certainly wasn't spanikopita. I had the chicken soulvaki and my husband had the lamb. Both meats were lukewarm, probably bc our waiter was spending too much time socializing with one of the Russian tables and the old guy just stood and watched as our dish got cold. The chicken was completely average, my husbands lamb was ok. The dish came with rice, which was very \""wet\"". We each had a side salad. The salad was probably the best part of our meal. It was yummy.\n\n3. Atmosphere - it's in a strip mall with a Food 4 Less so let's just say you should not expect it to have a great atmosphere and it certainly lived up to that expectation.\n\nAll in all, as a Vegas local we will not be back and will not recommend this place to anyone. It was a very disappointing, strange experience. It was this place or Thai, we should've gone with Thai...
SO LONG HAPPY HOUR! My friends and I have been frequenting this hidden gem for years solely because of their kick ass happy hour. So we show, after work, eat, drink, and be happy.... Until the bills come! Wow, no more happy hour? No warning? And no significant menu change? Not cool, at all! We seriously left feeling completely blindsided.. Still hungry.. And not buzzed.. But definitely broke. When we questioned it, the staff was super nice about it, but still- should have been notified. We will find a new happy hour spot that doesn't smell like bleach, have a busted toilet and non-air conditioned karaoke rooms. Boy, bye!
This is a great place if you enjoy truly, deeply crappy service and mediocre food.  It's so close to my house (just a short walk) so I really wanted this be an even-close-to-decent place due strictly to the convenience factor alone. Yet they were able to defeat even that.  \n\nI too tried a couple times, really hoping the initial problems were flukey or a bad night.  No luck.  You will sit there 30 minutes or more without anyone checking in or offering more coffee.  They will claim they \""didn't see you\"" or were \""too busy.\""  \n\nWhat I learned through a few ill-fated trips is that this taking-customers-for-granted approach is part of the culture of how they run the establishment as a whole. \n\nOn the up-side, it appears to be pretty clean.
This place could be great, but needs a little improvement, especially on the weekends.  During the week, it's a terrific spot to grab a late breakfast, coffee, and even get a some work done on wi-fi.  You can order at the counter and they are pretty quick with bringing out your drinks & food.  Have ordered the granola, croque madam, oatmeal and a variety of espresso drinks, and all have been tasty.\n\nWeekends, however, are a different story.  They are usually understaffed with servers (who are hard to pick out from patrons since there is no dress code to distinguish), and waiting 30 minutes just for a table to have a simple breakfast is not cool.  They don't have counter service on the weekends so you are at the mercy of waiting to be seated, and then waiting longer for order taking & food.\n\nBeen there a couple times for dinner, also very good, with the exception of getting old versions of the menu which have items they don't make anymore.  Loved their fresh halibut.\n\nIt doesn't seem that there is ever a \""manager\"" there on weekends who could make sure the place runs well.
Should have checked my Yelp...\n\nCame in here again on an emergency mission - looking for a cable to make my DVD Burner work so I could burn the memorial video for my cousins funeral.  So I may have been a little frazzled.\n\nI walked in and stopped dead, not sure where to look.  They have all this crap up front now, it looks more like a toy store than a Radio Shack.  In fact, now that I think of it, I don't think there was a single radio in site.\n\nI stand there , look around blankly and blink for a few minutes, when the employee notices another living, breathing person in the store.  I think it scared him, so used to being alone.....It was clear that I was taking him away from something very important and non-customer service related, and he really didn't like the intrusion.  I explained what I needed, and he didn't even try to look or help. Just told me they don't have those cables. Buh-Bye.  Didn't even offer a suggestion on where else to go, ask what I needed them for, nope, just a \""Don't let the door hit you on the way out\"" attitude.\n\nI fled, practically in tears thinking I was going to let the whole family down.  In the end, it all worked out, and I'm glad Radio Shack didn't get a dime of my money.
I'm cleaning up my draft reviews and was here 2/17/12 so this bad review is long overdue. I'm no decorator but the black and yellow outside colors make you think you're in a Western Union or some check cashing place...which would probably make better bagels and whitefish salad anyway!  Round bread with a hole in the center does not mean it's a bagel! Tasted more like pretzel dough but more bland. They sell Dr. Browns in bottles which is always good but no Celrey soda ??? I don't know about the deli meat because i was going just for breakfast bagel/fish but as far as bagels are concerned I guess it's better than Lender's bagels or a Fast food chain. The whitefish salad was too loose and with no discernible whitefish flavor. Ain't nuttin New Yawk about this place food wise.
This place is very meh for me. I went there the other night for the first time and was severely unimpressed with the food. One of my favorite things about going to a Mexican restaurant is the chips and salsa, but was soooooo let down with how bad theirs was. Just a nasty chip with a dark red sauce that you can tell is just chili powder. My GF and I tried several items on two combo plates, and nothing stood out. Just all very mediocre. \n\nThe one good thing about our experience was the service. The service was amazing. The guys watching our group were on their game, and really impressed us. So if I could, I would give 5 stars for service and 1 star for food. If I could give my rating an over all 2.5 stars I would.
I had the bean and cheese burrito. It was not flavorful and was rather salty - and I slat and pepper almost everything. The queso side for the chips was also salty, a little sweet, and overall underwhelming. The tortillas are fresh made and probably the best pare of the meal. \n\n service was quick and the dining are serviceable if not super comfortable. Family friendly and fairly busy so people seem to like this place. I wouldn't make it a regular spot. Chipotle is superior in my opinion.
I lost all respect for Ramsey after I ate here with my husband late night. For a man known for saving restaurants he can't even take care of serving good food in his own restaurant! We ordered fisher's man grill - $49.95 the plate was VERY small. That's fine with fine dining small portions, but I expected that each piece of item presented should be of top quality. BUT...\n\nLobster- small tail tasteless, over cooked\nMussels- 2 on the plate were the size of raisins\nSalmon- taste fishy\nTuna- tasteless\nScallops - 1 piece on the plate ( good)\n\nSide of spinach - $12\nThis is acceptable \n\nWould never go back again.\n\nNo wonder most of the restaurants he help failed a year or 2 after he left. He can't even take care of his own restaurant. If you have a failing restaurant, just close it. Don't be a joker on his show.
The food is inexpensive. I was there with co workers for lunch. Service was not good and we noticed after we were done eating that there were bugs crawling on the table. When we told the checkout person that there were bugs on the table her response was \""oh they start coming out after we spray.\""  Will not go back, between the service and the bugs I am totally grossed out!
I am a frequent here at both THE hotel and Mandalay Bay but this weekend changed that indefinitely for good. I would not think to come back here ever ever ever. Overall my stay here this past weekend was horrid because it was one bad situation toppled on top of another. Room was booked under casino in APRIL and we did a follow up a month before arrival and THE SAME DAY AT 6 P.M, but based on availability, our suite at THE hotel was unavailable. Maybe it would have been nice if they did a follow up. We called at 6 p.m informing them of our arrival but at 8 p.m, the hotel changed it by downgrading us. Mind you we had a large group and a dog (Mandalay Bay does not welcome pets) so we had to drop off our dog elsewhere. Very understandable because that is noted on the terms and agreements. Secondly, after going back and forth with the front desk, they informed us that a room would be ready in an hour because it was not clean. Arrival to the hotel was almost at midnight. So my group and I resorted to canceling plans on a Friday because it was too late to go out. They gave me a petty $50.00 for food credit then bumped it up to $75.00. It was a complete waste of our Friday night so this bootleg comp money could not buy our happiness. We got in at 12 a.m, and got into our room at 2 .am It only gets better, our belongings had to be hauled from THE hotel to Mandalay Bay and our car was at THE hotel garage to top it off. \nIt the midst of all these issues we decided to move on, well that didn't happen.  We needed extra towels and that was an annoyance because it's so SIMPLE. Housekeeping completely forgot to bring the towels, fine it happens. I went down the hall to scavenge from them myself, then to find three different housekeepers that were unfriendly to say the least. I went to all three of them and they did not want to spare me three god damn towels. Is it that serious? I HAD TO CALL HOUSEKKEPING so the supervisor could walk me to where the towel storage room.\nThe hotel room was very clean ! Minor issues were a lot of the outlets not working at all. The a/c was not working sufficiently because it was extremely hot.\nValet didn't want to take my car and had to debate with the 118 degree heat on why they had to take my car in. That was insane because they wanted to send me to THE hotel parking lot, creepy and confusing cause that's where we got transferred from.  \nManagement called our room because they found out how horrific our situation was; mind you none of us complained what so ever. The manager was accommodating but again, trying to buy our love with the petty comps, she bumped it from $75.00 to $150.00. I felt as if they throw that in your face just to justify all the bad that went wrong, Nope doesn't work. \nOn Saturday, our room was NOT CLEANED, and no we did not have the do not disturb sign ETC. We didn't call to complain. All I did was kept my mouth shut because I was trying to enjoy an eventful weekend. I had to call for toilet paper and toiletries on different occasions. \nWhat was supposed to be a three night stay turned into two night stay. We needed to vacate because we were very annoyed with this hotel as a whole. Coming back to this property is highly unlikely. What a weekend ruined. Never again !
Room was nicely renovated and comfortable. Wait staff and housekeeping staff was friendly and helpful. That said, the front desk staff and day manager are rude and completely incompetent. I will often stay in a hotel near Pittsburgh so that I can enjoy the city and not have to drive an hour + back to Ohio. I will try a new hotel if I have a Groupon which was the case for this hotel. Four calls and 40 min later Staff was able to confirm a reservation using the Groupon. When I arrived, The staff had no clue how to enter this in their computers and a manager would take care of it. The manager never called during my stay. Upon checkout i found that I had still been charged twice for the room! The desk supervisor said that apparently the manager had not taken care of it and would not be in until two. When I calmly expressed how upset I was, the three women at the desk became rude and ganged up on me. The supervisor said a manager will call me when she gets in. I stated \""I'm sorry if I have trouble trusting that\"". She said \""Well we don't trust you either!\"" My 11 yr-old had to witness all this. $400 later, the issue has still not been resolved. Also, the place is obviously under renovation and be there early to get parking or put on you hiking boots! If you are in the main tower, you get to ride in beat up elevators with laundry carts and housekeeping/maintenance staff. This place is poorly run.
I go here about once a month because i live right around the corner and it's open super late.  The food is over priced and bland but gets the job done.  Convenient for late night parties walking over from the Hard Rock.  My last trip here sealed the deal that I'd rather pop in a microwave meal and call it a night than eat at Joe's NY Pizza.
Mediocre steak house. Pretentious service. Don't let them seat you upstairs. Many better choices in Vegas.
omfg no.\nI ordered Baklava and they NUKED it on a STYROFOAM dish for me.\nThe insides were still cold and it tasted like cancer :/
Every food show that comes to Pittsburgh focuses its lasers on Primanti Brothers. Man Vs. Food loved it! Diners, Drive-ins & Dives raved about it! Native Pittsburghers raise it to Untouchable status. In fact, it seems nearly sacrilege to live in Pittsburgh and not love Primanti Brothers.\n\nQuite frankly, though, there isn't much to love. I've lived in Pittsburgh for three years, and everyone who visits demands a trip to Primanti Brothers. So I take them. I've been more times than I care to admit, so I feel more than qualified to bash this place.\n\nI'ma break it down for you piece by piece.\n\n1. The Bread: Folks love the bread! It's thickly-sliced and freshly baked! It makes the sandwich unmanageably large, though; you spend more time mashing the sandwich into a fittable size than you do actually eating it. Additionally, the bread is so thick it overpowers the meat and sticks to the roof of your mouth in a most unpleasant manner. \n\n2. The Meat: Really bad quality. The \""steak\"" is worse than Steak-ums. It's actually worse than the rubber mats that line the floor behind the bar. Saying it has flavor is a compliment. And the \""Big Fish\""? Gag. Van de Kamps. If that. \n\n3. The Cole Slaw: Tastes like cabbage that's been soaked in vinegar. It has crunch, but that's about all it has.\n\n4. The French Fries. Meh. Bland. \n\nAnd all this is glopped together, sliced, and served, rather unceremoniously, on wax paper. \n\nMany see this as Down n' Dirty or Good Ol' Boy style. No Frills. Truly American. \n\nI see it as Not Much To Brag About.
My first impression was not good already. The food does not have good quality and NOT fresh. But we gave a benefit of a doubt because it is VERY cheap. Appertizers for $2 is a good deal I admit. The second time we came, the customer service was BAD. We ordered a vietnamese sandwich and it never came, we had to tell the server to ask when our order came. And still we had to wait 10 minutes, my husband waited for his sandwich the whole time I was eating my food. Recommended if you want cheap food and dont really care about the quality and the customer service.
I received a PJ set as a gift from my Mom for Christmas. She paid $19.20 for the top and $19.20 for the pants which = $38.40 total.  Unfortunately, they were too big, so I had to return them for store credit. Upon doing so, I was told that the items were now on sale, and that they would only refund me the sale price, which was $14.39 per piece, plus they were deducting the $10.00 Kohl's bucks that she received for the purchase. So, my Mom paid $38.40 for the PJ's and because they did not fit and I had to return them, I was given $20.05.  \nThe Kohl's cash I almost get, but not refunding the original price paid for the items is bull! But the taking the Kohl's cash promo away from the gift receiver is crap as well. It's a promotion the store is doing and as it turns out, it's just a big money maker.   I will never shop at Kohl's again, and I will ask my friends to do the same. Especially if for a gift. Not a happy customer. Goodbye Kohl's
I went to Revolution last night with the rest of the cast of a play after our last show, as one of us had a revolution card which offered 50%. I am not a massive fan of vodka to begin with, but I don't mind it in a good cocktail. Unfortunately, the cocktails here are quite watery and taste diluted. We went for some half price pitchers, which admittedly was very cheap (\u00a39 and it filled 4 glasses), but even for the price, I think it was quite poor. One pitcher tasted only of lemonade, though it was meant to be 'blueberry lagoon', and the other tasted of orange squash... We couldn't taste any vodka, or any of the other mixers. Maybe the mojitos/individual drinks are better?\n\nThe music was also very loud, though the bar is very spacious and there is nearly always room for a big group, even on a Friday night. There is a room downstairs which is verging on being a club... It wasn't the best place to socialize. \n\nSomeone came round handing out samples of some dishes, which served as good late night snacks, including a baked NY cheesecake and chips. My boyfriend loved the chips and cheesecake, which looked more authentic than a few of the other offering I have seen around town.\n\nThere was a definite American theme going on, what with the loos labelled as 'restrooms', the cheesecake, and a few typically American drinks.\n\nThe deals make for some good value food, though I am not convinced about the quality of the drinks. Maybe the food would be a reason to come here, but I feel that the pitchers and extremely sweet cocktails are just ways for people who don't like drinking alcohol to get drunk.
The location is the best thing about this place.  I know it is a chain but I expected much more.  The customer service from the hostess was good very pleasant and smiled the whole time.  the customer service from the waitress on the other hand was not up to par.  she seemed to be having a bad day.  My drink order was wrong that's an easy fix but then my meal was wrong too.  I ordered the Hawaiian pizza and got the thai chicken pizza instead.  I brought it to her attention but ate it anyway cause at this point I just wanted to get the hell out of there.  Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.  I think I would give this place one more chance and update my review.
Wasn't impressed with the food. The grouper tasted like they dumped salt on a fish and put it in the oven. The dumplings it came with weren't very good either. It took way too long to get our food. When the bus boy took our appetizer plates away he took our forks so we were waiting around with our entree plates of food with no silverware to eat it with. Go to citizen public house. It's close by and the food is much better.
I only went there one time and that was more than enough for me.  This place used to be a cici's pizza a dozen did not remodel much. Open kitchen which felt weird to me.  They had a soda machine if the middle of the restaurant not in the back.  The service was fast and friendly. Food came fast but the quality was not great the Bacon was chewy almost like it was sitting under a heat lamp. I love biscuits and gravy but good lord what they gave me was an abomination.   The gravy was decent but loaded with oregano?  That's pretty odd.  And the biscuit tasted like flour and water.  It honestly tasted like the \""bread\"" from the military mre's.   No bueno
I agree with the reviews online about this store.  I went in to look for some furniture for my home.  The awful woman there looked me up and down and determined that I was not able to afford anything based upon my appearance.  It was winter and I had on boots, etc.  I do not wear my wealth on my person.  I could afford anything in the store, but would not buy anything there.  Not to mention the store has huge fans running to combat the mold and musty odor there.  No one wants furniture that smells.  Stay away from this store.
Came here for a meeting of the Working Dog Club of Arizona.  Accidentally left my purse and didn't realize this until I was across town.  Called and spoke to Brittany and confirmed it was still there, sped across town again to pick it up.  Arrived about 20 minutes after making the call.\nWas pleased I was able to get my purse back.\nWas NOT the least bit pleased to find my payment for a previous day judging assignment had been depleted by 20%.  Hmm.  Now who would have done that?!  Thanks so much for staying there so I could retrieve my purse.  A small compensation would have made its way into my hands had there not already been money missing.  Who knew they had a \""finders fee\""?!\nExtremely disappointed since this club plans to meet at this location monthly.\nI will be making a call in the morning.\nWill also encourage the club to put further consideration into meeting elsewhere.
weve been coming to this location every year since 2010 for our wedding anniversary and every other time we are here in vegas.\n\nthis last time we were here was a couple weeks ago, was sort of like the twilight zone. the experience we had was so far from we have always typically experienced at del's. what made this restaurant unique wasnt just the great food, but the experience. the staff was always so friendly and engaging, always making us feel like we were the only customers -- actually more like friends and family. whether it was just us 2 or if we had brought our toddler with us. the staff was also attentive and friendly\n\nso lets count all the ways del's failed us this time\n\n1. they didnt ask us if we were celebrating a special occasion when we checked in, and they always did before. we noticed they didnt ask any parties that night for some reason. we were seated right by the hostess so we could hear everything\n\n2. my wife didnt receive any water service all evening\n\n3. my wife stepped away from the table and they still brought out our steak entrees so hers had been sitting at the table for a few minutes. in the past if we were away from the table they would wait to serve our steaks\n\n4. lobster mac was a shell of what it used to be. no pun intended. about half the portion and barely any lobster. \n\n5. not visited by the manager all evening (this is what they are known for)\n\nthe whole evening was lackluster. we've always come to expect del's to deliver a memorable evening. in the past i have received cards from our waiter after we returned home. a signed birthday card from all the staff. engaging personal conversation with the staff all evening. \n\nthis time around was a true let down to the point that we really question whether to come back here again. the restaurant failed us this time in so many ways. \n\ni got a survey from del's the day after and i obviously rated them very poor. i received a call from the GM Matt the following day. he promised that my experience was an isolated experience and that he would send me some gift cards so that i could come back and give them a try again. ive been home 2 weeks now and i havent received anything from him. so again, another undelivered expectation. damn, who runs this location now? what a shame! i did receive something from corporate though. \n\nall in all, its doubtful i will be coming back again. i can spend $250 on a nice steak dinner for 2 at lots of places in vegas and la. what sets del's apart was the experience and without it, i can find a good steak anywhere.
Been here a few times. This time the service was really slow and they weren't that busy so not sure what their deal was. \nWhen we got there it was not that long to be seated but once seated at our table we waited like ten minutes till someone came over to greet us. We had plenty of time to decide on our whole order while we were waiting to be greeted. So we order drinks, appetizer, main meal all at once. \nThe appetizer came out in just a few minutes but it took longer till we got our drinks. For the appetizer we had the potato cakes, quite yummy. \nIt took well over 40 minutes from when we first placed our order till we got our main meal. Quite a long time for what was ordered. I enjoyed the parmesan chicken it was different but still very good. \nBecause we were too full for dessert but still wanted the have the huge chocolate cake, had to get it to go. \nOverall good food and drinks, but terribly slow service. Some of the prices here are a little ridiculous, too.
Service imp\u00e9cable et pizza path\u00e9tique. La sauce tomate trop acide manque cruellement de saveur, elle est d'ailleurs dispos\u00e9e en faible quantit\u00e9 sur la pizza. La garniture ( un demi artichaut coup\u00e9 4, 5 champignons insipides et un quart de tranche de jambon) joue \u00e0 cache-cache dans mon assiette. La p\u00e2te br\u00fbl\u00e9e laisse une amertume en bouche. La serveuse essaye diplomatiquement de me dire que c'est une pizza napolitaine. Pour avoir passer mes vacances \u00e0 Napoli, je leur sugg\u00e8re de ne pas participer \u00e0 une comp\u00e9tition de pizza dans la ville de Naples, ils feraient rire d'eux.
I hate this location. They barely ever have the fajita veggies or squash already made and they charge me a different rate EVERY time. It's convenient...but it sucks!
Asked for a couple of donuts and then tried to pay but was rudely told that they only accepted cash for under $10 purchases. Since I live alone I couldn't use that many pastries so I ended up leaving empty handed. I felt okay about that though because the employee did not make me want to do business there.
Extremely limited menu
What a disaster this restaurant is. A friend organized her birthday party here. I had never heard good things about portovino, but it was out of my hands. \n\nYou can sense the pathetic attempt at high class from the moment you walk in. I noticed overdressed west island people all ready for their weekend outing. Well portovino is bad even by west island standards. \n\nThe service was bland and unpleasant. \n\nThe food was bland and unpleasant as well! Every entr\u00e9 (appetizer) is 15-22... Seriously...? 17$ for an Italian sausage with tomato sauce? I ordered pizza, it was cold and boring. Everyone around me was rather unimpressed. \n\nThink of L'academie, but less good and more expensive.
Alright spot, service was okay, and food was mediocre.  Probably will opt for Zipps next time across the street.
Waste of our money!! Gaspille de ton argent!\n\nWe were having juice across from this place and decided to go here for a plain crepe with apple and maple syrup here's what we got:\n\n- Overly cooked, borderline burnt crepe. Super hard, not soft at all\n- Full of butter, crepe was basically deep fried in butter\n- Super sweet and oily we didn't even taste the crepe!\n\nThe cheapest crepe is $7 for the plain and if you want veggies or anything else it's $13. Way way way overpriced for an outdoor market with benches.\n\nAfter a few bites, I decided if I should ask for a refund but I just decided to throw it out and write a bad Yelp review.
I never write reviews, but I just had to comment on here. This was probably the worst dining experience I have had in a while. When we got here they told us that they were out of wings, cheese, nachos, pizza and salmon. So pretty much our choices were nil. The food we did get to order was terrible, we got the mixed green salad and it was nothing but spinach. No tomatoes...nothing. The spinach was also completely wilted and starting to rot. Just a handful of spinach for $6. Also got the po boy and the bacon on it was complete raw. My sister got the lettuce rolls and she didn't even touch it. I never complain, but the food was terrible and then we said something and our waitress. We complained and were told that the owner never comps anything. It was just a terrible experience. The only good thing about this was our server who was super nice about it and apologetic.
I have been shopping at ulta for over 10 years. I have also used there salon services at the desert ridge location for quite some time .  They are extremely unorganized, and Very unprofessional . \n\nWhile I was being rushes through my hair appointment the stylists talked amongst themselves, like no clients were In The salon.( they were bad mouthing clients they didn't like ).\n\nThe saddest part is that the manager of the salon is absolutely wonderful and extremely hardworking . As soon as she isn't around, the salon employees do not act professional, nor do they run the salon in a productive manner.\n\nI was treated very poorly at this location. I left crying I was so upset and disappointed with my hair. . 2 days later I received a call from the manager apologizing profusely for the incident that occurred. I hope this manager gets a new staff who actually know how to act professional .\n\nI will never use this salon, or visit this location again
They were 20minutes late the first time and I was late for my conference. PLUS then they dropped my mom and auntie off at the wrong hotel even though I had given them the exact address. The driver asked my 80 year old mother how to get to the hotel and of course she didn't know.\n\nI considered this a fluke and used them again. They were still late but not as bad\n\nThen they were late again.\n\nThe next time they were over 10 minutes early and I was told they'd \""only\"" wait until the time it was called for. Even when we had waited multiple times when they were late.\n\nThen again, today, they are over 20minutes late.\n\nThey should at least give a courtesy call when they are going to be that late for a reservation so alternate plans can be nade. I made advanced reservations for ALL these situations.\n\nI'm still waiting for them and now they are 35 minutes late. Unacceptable.
I love it how people say this place is a MUST SEE, when it's more like hope and pray you see something.  I've been to Vegas 3 times and I got to see a Lion one time out of all of my trips and he looked extremely bored.  Also it's just an akward exhibit.  Yes, MGM Grand has a giant one out front, but this is a little bit away from the casino floor and the sports book.  Just could be a better presentation. \n\nIf you haven't made it around to checking it out yet, don't bother.
I purchased three tickets to Phantom of the Opera.  They said that I will get the best available seat for front side orchestra.  However, when I get to the box office right away to exchange my voucher, I was put two seats from the wall.   Eventhough there are seats available that is near the isle/center (still in the same section), but the box office refuse to put me there.   They said that the \""block\"" that they were selling for tixtonight were all the seats of last four seats against the wall.  They said it is the best available of that \""block\"", not the whole side orchestra section.   I could have called and purchased them directly from the box office with the online discount code and get better seats.  No near to stand in line at the tixtonight office and running from one end to another to exchange tickets.  Not worth it!   If you want the worst seat of the sections, go with tixtonight.
If you're even able to locate the dungeon where this buffet is located you may get to go down and enjoy their less then mediocre food. \n\nI'd say wait maybe 20 minutes before you get food, you don't want to choke on the dry food and your waitress won't be around with a drink until then. Their salad bar was equipped with only the very basics and had nothing special. I could see my reflection in the grease sitting on top of the pizza. And for dessert you either can have cupcakes or cupcakes. \n\nOver all very unpleased and you're honestly  doing yourself an injustice by picking this buffet over any other ones on the strip.
I can't speak to the ambiance because a friend brought take-out.  My turkey burger was delicious and my companions enjoyed their sandwiches (tuna melt and pulled pork).  My fries might have been tasty had they not been limp and sad (in comparison to the turkey burger which was still quite warm).  Our side of pita and hummus was disappointing.  The pita was so old it had turned into extra chewy lavosh.  Eating one piece gave my jaws a workout.  The hummus itself was super extra mediocre.  There was something off about it.  \n\nI may try Tryst again but I certainly won't make a special effort.
I was conned into Centurylnk service.Lied to in every way imaginable. Paid for 10M and only got 1 at any given time.THEN they charged me $250 to cancel my service.\nASSHOLES
Thought it sounded like a good idea... not at all.  Limited menu and the chicken strips were all fried coating, very little meat.  But the food in an airport is expected to be \""eh\"" so that's not why it's one star.  \n\nThe service was awful.  Told to take a seat and he would bring a menu to me, never did.  I waited for 15 minutes, all the while gesturing to the waiter to just get a head nod but no attention.  Gal finally came over and proceeded to take the guys orders next to me first even though they just arrived (unfortunately this rating reflects the fact that these guys were just rude not inviting me to order first, even though it was clear I was waiting).  Coke delivered instead of Diet Coke and charged 2.50 for a small ramkin of bland coleslaw.\n\nBummer that this place is representing the new terminal.  I would go to the little food court instead next time around.
I was very disappointed with my meal here. It is WAY overpriced, even by Vegas standards.\n\nI had the Black Pepper chicken. It was like Beef and Broccoli, but with asparagus instead of the broc. Very bland and flavorless. Had to heap on the chili sauce to enhance the flavor. \n\nOthers in my group had the mushroom & poor noodle dish. The noodles were very good, but the mushroom sauce was just mediocre. Another dish we shared was the fried eggplant sauce. These were limp and soaked in oil. The flavor was fine, but there just wasnt much going on with this dish.\n\nWe had 3 iced teas at a whopping $5 each!!! As well as a side (1 cup) of steamed rice ($3). The final bill was $80. Ouch. I wasn't even full. We used a $50 food voucher and and I STILL felt like I overpaid. \n\nI would rather eat Panda Express and I don't even like that place.\n\nIf you are in Caesar's, come here and watch the chefs make fresh noodles and check out the decor. It's a super unique finish. But then keep moving...Vegas has too many great options to bother with this spot.
Bought a groupon and went with my boyfriend. Food was ok, pretty greasy and over priced, But we were on the strip, so everything is a bit more expensive. The live music was pretty cool. \n\nGot the bill and noticed they magically added an 18% gratuity for a party of 2 :/\n\nAsked the manager about it and he told me that \""the type of people who use Groupon  are cheap and don't tip well so we decided to just add gratuity.\""\n\nI believe if the food and service are good, I will leave a tip accordingly. If you don't like 'cheap' people then stop serving mediocre food and maybe you should stop using offering discounts.\n\nI will not be returning ANY time soon. With or without a groupon.
Been here a few times. Food is ok. Nothing special. But this last time I went in a group of 5 and ended walking out. We went for breakfast. It wasn't crowded but we never got served. There were plenty of waitresses and after a 1\\2 hour of not even getting coffee we had enough. Dont have a clue why we were snubbed, but to add insult to injury, two of the employees had to make sarcastic remarks like \""Have a nice day!\"" on our way out. Don't understand, and don't really care cause we are never going back.  If you are looking for an awesome breakfast I highly recommend \"" Crazy Otto's \"" just up the street. Your not missing anything special at Ronnies. Cept bad customer service. :P
The best part about this place is the atrium.  My besties and my daughter are trying to implement more healthy choices so we decide to eat here for some cool Vegan recipe inspirations.Well if you have never eaten here or at any other vegan place do not ask this staff for suggestions  they really do not give very much info.   Anyhow being Asian and used to veggies with great health advantages and tons of flavor I ordered the Spicy Thai wrap.   My friend ordered the Verdi Florentine.  And we got two smoothies  1 Was the Scarlet Scorpion and the other was made to order for my kid.  So let me start with these so called smoothies.  My kids smoothie was so bitter and tart that she could not drink it.  Parts of the white orange rinds and green strawberry leaves were floating in her drink. If you are going to frappe the whole fruit I suggest that they use better machines with higher RPMs. Bitter strawberries and under ripe oranges made for a terrible drink.  Now to our main course I was so excited thinking of how my spicy Thai wrap would be an explosion of flavor ..... WRONG they literally cut up some veggies and threw it in a rice paper wrap.  And offer some gross almond butter sauce to dip it in.  Neither part of the dish had anything to do with how Thai food tastes.  I offer  a suggestion make your raw food flavorful. You can use Celtic salt it is actually Good for you in many ways and would help your place out a ton. It wasn't so much salt I wanted on my wrap just flavor or anything that justified this being associated with the word Thai.  Make a sriracha vinagrette for your veggies or Something it can still be fresh and super healthy. You literally ripped me off with the promise of Thai flavors dancing on my tongue.  My friends wrap was Overwhelming as it was wrapped in a Collard Green. It had hummus in it which I have had super healthy hummus before no oil really good hummus and theirs was not by any means something you should call hummus.  I would never go back to this place I'm fact now I want to make my own veggie wraps and my Belville Juicer will have to make an appearance.  If you don't mind paying someone money to cut up your raw veggies and wrap them then by all means see the slow dumpy ladies at Fresh Mama. sorry but your staff was not very pleasant, fun or educational.  I believe the only reason this place is still open is because they r next to a Yoga place and nothing says healthy like plain raw vegetables. Kudos to you however I would bet the farm instead of using a nasty Almond Butter dipping sauce it would be tastier and healthier to make a vinagrette PLUS THEIR ONLINE MENU SUGGESTED CHEAPER PRICES BUT NOT THE CASE Update your info people
This place is laughable and pretentious. \nWe went in for breakfast on a Saturday morning, the 20 minute wait was expected and the least of our worries. \nThe server was by far the worst experience i have ever seen, after the second failed attempt at taking our drink order the yahoo finally decided to write it down (there were only 4 people in our party - 3 coffee's, 2 waters, an iced tea and a large OJ - even i remember that). . It took about 5 minutes for the drinks to stagger to our table.\nAfter sitting for about 10-15 minutes we finally placed our order, again (i should have known based on our drink order experience that this was going to be a long/bad experience). Again our order was written down (not that i fault a server for taking the time to do it right, its just a shock to see these days outside of a 5&Diner). 5 minutes later the server approached our table to notify me that the kitchen didn't have a component to the order i placed, not the end of the world but the time in which it took to become aware of it was the alarming part, how long did that guy really take to place our order? (just a little glimpse into our experience with this nameless server, when ordering sausage instead of ham on my mother in-laws eggs Benedict the server asked if she wanted links or patty's..... uhhhhh??? Really?). \nThe food came SUPER FAST, almost annoyingly fast.\nMy husband ordered the chicken and waffles, not what we expected.. A small SMALL waffle and a fried chicken breast - the whole plate looked half a**ed.\nMy eggs Benedict's were acceptable, one of the eggs was completely cooked which means the rest of my plate missed half of the necessary yummy juices from that poor little overcooked egg. not the crime of the century just disappointing. \nmind you the eggs Benedict's do come with your choice of potatoes, so much to our surprise when her order arrived ala carte it was a shock - flagging someone down to advise of the partial order was a challenge. Thank goodness the manager was the one who was able to help. \nLastly i think we watched our busy server buzz around the restaurant for at least 10 minutes after our meal was complete. \n\nAll in all i was NOT impressed, the meal was overpriced, the plates were small (weird i know, but it made our food look awkward), the service was TERRIBLE so 1+1= Not planning on returning. .
Was ignored when I came in... ended up seating myself. Was ignored for 10 minutes (the place wasn't busy) before someone had to ASK if I had been helped... with what 10 tables and 4 servers... you should be able to keep track of who has been helped. Got ONE cup of industrially bad coffee... food took forever to serve, and I never even GOT the potatoes that were a part of the meal (this is a common complaint if you read all the reviews)... Food was not even that good... the sausage gravy is commercially bought, not fresh or the least bit authentic.  Sat for another 15 minutes waiting for someone to take my bill (again, another common complaint) and finally ended up going to pay it at the register (where I was also ignored for a few minutes).\n\nOn the bright side, it was dirt cheap.\n\nWent to Amelie's Bakery (the annex on Tryon) where I was greeted with smiles, great food and wonderful fresh coffee. Shame they don't serve a full breakfast there!
YUCK! Craving Mexican food so my friend and I decided to stop at this place for some burritos. We were impressed with the large selection at the salsa bar. When we got our stale store-bought, rubbery chips the salsa wasn't so appealing after all. We both ordered chicken burritos and were shocked when we got a basket with a tortilla filled with soggy chicken bits and bean soup. It wasn't possible to use a fork and knife in a basket so we tried to pick them up and the burritos spilled all over our hands. It was a mess! I asked the waitress to look at the menu again because we were not satisfied with the burritos. I hate to waste food but we could not force ourselves to eat them. She said we had to pay for the burritos and then she would give us \""one\"" taco. She made us feel very uncomfortable as she waved her \""one\"" finger in our faces so I told her we would pay for the food and then look at the menu again. She immediately brought me the check and waited over my shoulder for me to pay for it before she handed us the menus. Her angry attitude scared us, so we no longer wanted to look at the menu. We just wanted to leave and try out another restaurant. I would not recommend dining at this place. The quality of food was horrible and the service was even worse. Waitress with vile attitude and crappy food equals a no win situation. You're better off dining at Taco Bell.
This review is for Sunday brunch.\nFirst thing- You stand in a long ass line to order and pay at the bar. I don't know why it takes these people so long to order. They are only making one thing  -Ramen soup. Pick vegetarian, egg, or pork. As for drinks, pick beer or sake. Pay, take the beer and sake, silverware, glass, and water and sit down. Then you wait for them to call your name and you go up and get it. No one is there to wait on you. No one asks if you need anything or want something else. No one asks if you are enjoying your meal. And you certainly don't want to stand in that line again to order anything else.\nThis was my first time at Salt. I was expecting a classy restaurant based on the reviews and prices. They supposedly have a good cocktail menu. I was expecting a nice selection of brunch cocktails- not a choice between beer and a shot of sake.\nThis place was filled to the brim full of hipsters. \nIt was literally like we ate at a soup kitchen. Waited in a long line for a bowl of soup. No waiter/waitress. Everyone was drunk and looked homeless. And still very hungry after eating just a bowl of soup. There is one difference from a soup kitchen-It costs about $25 a person.
Don't wasted your time here,  we got bottles services and was waiting 2hrs in their reservation line.  Finally left and went to Taos
I will never again use this pizza place again in my life. I work at a nearby business and I decided to try them, Lo and behold they always charged me more than what the specified amount was. This was not an isolated incident either this happened multiple times. Always ask for a receipt if you decided to eat here other wise they will take advantage of you.  DO NOT GO HERE THEY ARE THIEF'S,
Complete ripoff.  32oz frozen drink includes two shots and costs over 20 dollars.  Fat Tuesdays next door has the same drinks with double the alcohol for less.  They try to sucker you in with a free shot coupon but then at the bar tell you it's only good for a watered down sex on the beach.  Avoid this bar there are many better and cheaper places to get your drink on in vegas.
I really didn't think this place was so great.  It was kindof like things that would be in a preschool, in one big place.  Big squishy building blocks, a play kitchen, paper crafts.  We're here for a short time, and I was debating which area children's museum to take my 3 and 4 year old boys to.  We were close to this one so I picked here.\n\nIt's ok, maybe for wee little kids, that aren't in preschool yet.  The current exhibit installation was about travel.  It was cheap, $7 per person over the age of 1, but I'd rather pay a little more and have more to do.  My house is filled with toys and paper scraps and junk to make macaroni necklaces, I was expecting this to have something that would spark their little minds more.
I've passed by this building many times and every time I see it, I get curious and say to myself, \""I want to try that place one day!\""  So when we saw the Living Social coupons, $20 for $40 worth of food, my mom and I each bought one!\n\nUpon arrival, I asked the server if we would be able to use two Living Social coupons in one sitting and he told us we could so we decided to order up to $80 worth of food.  My dad was interested in a glass of wine and the server offered us a special that was half off the bottle so my dad decided to order that since it was a great deal.  The food was delicious.  We had the spinach and artichoke with crawfish dip and the sampler as our appetizer.  They were sooo good!  Even the butter for the dinner rolls were to die for!!!  And as for our entrees, I wanted the prime rib but they were out so the server suggested the rib eye steak and I am glad I ordered it because it was really yummy.\n\nWe were having a great time until the bill came and the server told us we could not combine the coupons with the half off bottle deal so we thought that was okay so we decided to just take the coupons.  Then the server came back again and said he could only take one coupon and not two.  That was when we asked to see the manager because if the server had not told us in the first place that we could use both coupons or even suggested the half off bottle of wine, we would not have ordered all that!  When the manager (his name is Scott) came, he just pointed at the coupon's restrictions at the bottom and we totally understood that (we only asked if we could use both in the first place because even though the restrictions state that we cannot combine coupons in a single transaction, some places were able to take more than one in a transaction) but as a manager, what he did next was completely unprofessional.  He just said \""Okay, let me ask him (the server) if he would be willing to pay for part of your wine\"" and then he just disappeared into the kitchen before we could say anything else.  What kind of manager asks his worker to pay for part of the bill even if it was their fault for misleading the customer?  The server came back out and the manager was never to be seen again.  Hm, figures.  The server told us he was willing to pay for part of the wine because he knew it was his fault and he took full responsibility of it but we told him we did not want HIM to pay for anything.  In the end we just paid our bill and still left him a good tip because at least he was nice, sincerely apologetic, and he was a good server.  He just needs to get his information straight.  But because of poor management, we will not be returning to this place again, even if we have a second unused coupon.
I would love to rate this higher but three strikes and your out in my book. We used to stay here in the past however due too poor service we stopped coming to MGM. We have been going to the Wynn ever since very nice hotel however the crowd was a bit too old for our taste. We decided to give Signature a try three weeks ago, on the second day my wife's phone was stolen by the pool. The security dropped the ball and missed the chance to catch the person who they have on video. That cost us $199.00 to replace. We came back to Signature this week for a convention, they over charged for the room would not extend our stay and In fact when I told them we could book the room on Expedia for $120 per night they could care less. Instead we checked out moved to the Cosmopolitan we now have a room on the 37 floor over looking the Bellagio with a balcony and a tub that over looks the fountains. They could care less they lost us as clients. We will never return to MGM. Lousy service at the front desk in the morning cost them money. Much deserved credit goes to David and Serge in Tower 2 who checked us in, they no how to treat a guest, I look forward to seeing them over here at the Cosmo as for the front desk girls in the am, you would be fired if you worked for me.
It was a dive when it was the imperial palace and it still is a dive as the quad! First night had to switch rooms because the outdoor bar was so loud and our balcony door wouldn't close tight . Paint was peeling off the walls in the bathroom and the sink was clogged so bad it wanted to overflow just from brushing your teeth. The pool was closed and they said we \""might be able to use the one at the flamingo.\"" There was gum stuck right on the top of the night stand. The casino was really boring and smelled like a guido's nut sack . There's that saying, \""you can't polish a turd but you can roll it in glitter,\"" well I don't think there's enough glitter in the whole state of Nevada ! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone unless you really don't like them ;)
Divine powers really don't want me to have broken rice and shrimp cakes. \n\nWent once and found it was closed. There was a sign that they'll be closed for a while. Snooping on here I found out they had a broken fridge. I ate somewhere else.\n\nThen a few weeks later I wanted to eat here but wanted to not drive down all the way from the NW if it wasn't open. It's been weeks so I figured it was, but I called. The voicemail answered, but a lot of people dont answer the phone. The voicemail said \""Bosa 1. We are now open. Our hours are ___ etc, etc,.\"" That leads people to believe when you say \""we are now open\"" they're talking about the fridge was fixed or that the voicemail recording only goes on with that message during open business hours. We drive down. Closed. Gah! We go somewhere else.\n\nBeen wanting to go and since I've been seeing reviews rolling out the past few months with a few reviews in the past week.  I was just in the shopping center not even 2 weeks ago and saw people coming out of the restaurant and people going in so I know they were in operation recently. We go down and it's closed even though their hours said they are open Saturday and we came in the middle of the day at 4:30ish. No sign if they're on vacation or whatever. Inside there is still all the tables, chairs, condiments so they aren't out of business (or so it seems).  I know it's a family business, but can't someone at least put up a sign to inform guests what the hell is going on if they can't be open on a regular business day- it's just the professional thing to do. \n\nWHAT THE HELL. \n\nSERIOUSLLLLLYYYYYY...!!!!\n\n It's not like we were in the neighborhood the 3 times where it wouldn't be so bad- we specifically drove down to eat here from Centennial Hills. \n\nThat is 3 times I tried. 3 STRIKES IT IS.\n\nI'm pretty irritated at this point.
I had biscuits and gravy.  They were a very bland representation of biscuits and gravy.  I was sad, because I've been trying to eat more healthily, and that was my morning to splurge on some super salty, greasy, southern cooking.  Sad.\n\nThe sausage was good, but the eggs were also bland.\n\nHowever, their hot cocoa was PERFECT!
Went to get my dog's food at the Pet Food Depot (Cave Creek/Grovers) and I saw a bunny in a cage on the floor, scared. He/she had food and a carrot but no water. I told an employee and after a bunch of \""that's not my rabbit\"" comments, finally someone gave the bunny water. The sweet young man who checked me out told the manager that a customer wanted to buy 2 parakeets. The manager said to put them in a paper bag because they're out of boxes...really, a paper bag? The young man said the customer specifically wanted the birds in a box and the manager said \""we don't have any boxes, should I grab one from the sky\"" and walked off. What a huge turn-off! I found out that the manager is the owner's son. \nI have been coming here for 8 years and this was my last trip here. There is a store a little further away (Western Ranchman at 32nd St/Paradise) that sells the same specialty dog food I buy, so they will be getting my business from now on. I have always been treated well here but after the flippant comments from the staff in front of a loyal customer, they obviously do not care about me or the animals they sell.
It certainly is not \""Woohoo! As good as it gets!\"" \n\nI am in no way \""Yay! I'm a fan.\""\n\nIt would be \""A-OK.\"" if total checks rang up to about half of what they end up being. \n\nSo, it is certainly a \""Meh. I've experienced better.\"" \n\nI would include dinner and the pies in that assessment. \n\nService is not award-winning, but it is hardly \""I'll never step foot in here again\"" either.\n\nThe male restroom is worse than the ones at nearby Sam Boyd Stadium, and I do not care one bit about someone calling that hyperbole. It is actually true. (I checked.) (I am certain you would not like pictures.) (\""Eek! Methinks not.\"")\n\nAnd one time we patronised this Marie Callender's before a Rebels game, they did not have ice cream. (How the fuck do you rely on pies as your #1 claim-to-fame, and you allow your freezer to run out of ice cream? You have got to be kidding. *looks around for hidden cameras*) \n\nMarie Callender needs to stop by and clean house. - E
I live close to El Gordito super market, I go there NOT so often, there are flys EVERYWHERE! The hot and ready food that is out to serve is always left open. The food gets dried, they still serve it that way! Dried food + flys = NASTY! I Bought a Torta and when I tried it, the meat was ROTTEN. Tasted Disgusting! Also, You can see Flys in the glass display, where the Bread is in! Gross!
Avoid. \n\nSummery : Everyday comfort 3 star food w negative infinity service.\n\nI like their wings but I am horrified of their woman manager who gave me a ridiculous attitude for calling twice within an hour and half, for not having my pizza delivered (she said \""Didn't I tell you we might run behind a little?!?!?\"") And i just LOLed when they forgot my coke and ranch when they finally came. Again, avoid.\n\nOrder from little nippers or papa davinci whose owners are super nice w better food (They do deliver to squirrel hill). Much better pizza and much better customer service who at least know how to appreciate their customers.
As the night was winding down on State Street, we started looking for some food options. Since we had already given Ian's a whirl the night before, we thought we'd look for something else. The long line outside of Parthenon Gyros was an immediate recommendation, and late night gyros, kefta, and kebabs are a treasured institution the world over.\n\nAfter waiting almost an hour, we entered what struck me, as I see it did other reviewers, as basically a Greek McDonald's. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing - hey, I'm all for a speedy late night gyro. And with the lamb and beef glistening on the spit, my Greek pants were getting excited. But in sum total, the experience was a let down. The gyro meat wasn't tossed on a griddle or anything before being served, so it didn't get that crispy char at the edges. The tomatoes and onions in the pita were freezing cold, which translated into nearly cold gyro meat along with the cold tzatziki, which combined into a rather off-putting meal. The plate was served up quick once we got to the counter, but in this case, haste made waste.\n\nThe only redeeming factor is that the fries were actually quite good. Crispy and flavorful, and if you get a piping hot batch, they are delicious with a side of feta cheese dumped and slightly melted on top, which you can purchase for about 75 cents.\n\nI was so hoping this late night gyro would be fantastic. But alas, we should have just gone back to Ian's.
Take out shouldn't be cold when it gets home. 3rd time here. Sad. Not - not warm - cold. Veggies, chicken, rice...everything. Cold Asian food is not ok. If I wanted to reheat my dinner, I'd go to the frozen section.
The people that work here have been so helpful and honest in accommodating me with my pool questions and needs - with one exception.  There is a young woman that works here that is the most rude and disrespectful person I've ever dealt with as a customer at a commercial establishment.  She mumbles and talks extremely fast and when you ask for clarification, she rolls her eyes, sighs and acts out as if she's being bothered. I've had to deal with her 3x now and her attitude is horrible.  Seek out anyone at the store except for this gal with blue hair and gobs of eyeliner because she is absolutely awful and mean.  I won't go back here as long as I have to deal with her.
this place is awful...\n\nout of the 4 chefs, NONE of them were THAI.... strangely enough all the waitresses were Thai???\n\nhad the spicy thai eggplant and papaya salad..\n\nthai papaya salad is supposed to be very tart with a strong taste of lime..i think they forgot this key ingredient... not even a hint of lime flavor although the green papaya was chopped nicely.\n\nthai eggplant was ridonkulously BAD.  i had 3 measly pieces of eggplant in my dish.  the rest was overcooked meat and overcooked veggies.  overcooked broccoli is the worst... kind of loses it's nice green color and firm texture.\n\nthe sauce for the thai eggplant wasn't quite right either, and reminded me of the entree \""beef broccoli\"" from a Chinese restaurant.\n\nagain, this place was BAD.... phuck phoenix, dude. i'm over it.
Employees sit outside toking on cigarettes. Employee sits on moped in front of store waiting for customers. Total bad attitude! I wanted to try a new place, however I ended up walking out. The rudeness and very unprofessional did it! Don't know how they stay in business.
Even before learning about the proprietor's negative feelings toward the gay community, I thought these donuts were mediocre and way over-hyped.
We wanted to try this place for a while and finally made it, mm not so amazing as the reviews I have read , may be I'm a Japanese food snob because its in my blood ha, but I though it was just ok, not impressed by sushi, Korean food was good we had the triple grill and it was the best deal in the menu I also think the size of the Mix tempura was soo tiny, one little broccoli , one slice of zucchini , 2 small sweet potato and 3 shrimp, why not just give al least 2 of each so 2 can share??? Service was just ok, one server was alone and no one helping her , it was a week day and there where at least 5 tables, I was thirsty half of the time I was there , asked 3 times and finally got a drink :/ I feel bad for her but I needed a drink!!! Haha hope you all have a better experience!!
We were looking for something fast so we decided to stop here thinking it would be a quick and cheap stop. I know they have more of these in California and I heard they're pretty popular but after eating here, I cannot find a single reason why.\n\nI don't really like hot dogs (which maybe discredits my review) but my two other friends got hot dogs and nobody enjoyed their food. I got a cheeseburger which are usually hard to mess up. It wasn't burnt or anything but there was absolutely no flavor and the tomatoes were diced and the lettuce shredded. I get that shredded premade veggies may be easier but who puts diced tomatoes on a burger? It made it really messy to eat. And at almost 9 bucks for a standard burger (with no fries or drink) I expected a little more. My friends mushroom dog had mushrooms that tasted old and my other friend got the bacon chili dog. We all got halfway through and looked at each other with dissatisfied faces and tossed the rest. Sadly, I think you'd be better off at a McDonalds.\n\nOh and to top it off some blaring alarm was going off the whole time and no one seemed to mind it or address to their customers that everything was fine or that it would be turned off shortly. I think it was the fire alarm, Idk lights were flashing and a siren going. I understand that it may have been out of their control, but I think good customer service would have acknowledged it and let the customer know the roof wasn't going to fall in or something like that.
We used to really like Bamboo House and were surprised when we went there for lunch and there were no cars in the parking lot, not a single customer inside.   Food was dreadful, like over fried and left on a steam table for a month.  We couldn't even chew through the egg roll and every bite of chicken, half of it was spit out. Stringy tough.\nThey are going to have to do a major overhaul before I go back.
Awful. Just awful. \n\nIn this establishment, you order at a counter of shouting service-people, each vying for your attention at their line. You place your order (standard hot subs), and then, while you stand or sit to wait, workers run up and down the long restaurant yelling out order numbers. The atmosphere is chaotic, and yet the wait still managed to be quite long. \n\nThe price was quite high: a regular-sized sub, a cookie, and a drink for $13. \n\nThe worst part was the sandwich itself. The first time I went, I found it to be a very run-of-the mill hot sub. I was ambivalent. However, I decided to give it another shot and, though I had a similar experience with the services, the roast beef dip sub on whole grain was *absolutely disgusting.* The bread had an unpleasant, dry, dense flavor and texture, and the meat was highly salted leather akin to beef jerky. Dipping it in the au jus managed only to make it soggy and even saltier. \n\nReally, I would eat at any single place downtown before I will be back to this establishment or any of its other locations.
Whatever you do, don't buy furniture here!  I bought a sofa and recliner at the Tempe location on April 27.  It took over 6 weeks to get the furniture delivered due to their non-existent scheduling system.  The closest they can come to in scheduling a delivery in the day before, and then they can only tell you it will be sometime during a 9 hour period.  They ended up showing up with the furniture when I was not home and my teenage son had to handle it. \nAfter finally getting the furniture delivered, we discovered the mechanism in the recliner did not work.  Again, we had to try and work with the customer service department, all of which barely speak or write English, to schedule a time for a technician to come out.  Again, took an afternoon off work, only to have him arrive at my house at 6pm.  He could not fix the chair.  A new mechanism had to be ordered.  He ordered it and I received a barely understandable email a day or two later telling me the new mechanism would be delivered to my home and that I should call them when I received it to schedule the tech to come out and install it.  \nThe huge box arrived and we had to have it in our entryway for 3 weeks before a tech came out.  In order to finally get somewhat of an \""appointment\"" we had to drive down to the store, and speak to the manager to get a response.  \nToday the tech finally came to fix the chair.  He had a drill and a wrench--that's it.  I have wood floors and he was going to work on the chair replacing the metal insides with no blanket or rug to protect my floor.  \nAfter replacing the mechanism, he figured out it was the wrong one.  I told him I wanted him to take the chair and I wanted a refund.  \nI called the store--which took multiple tries as their mail boxes are all full and they don't answer the phone.  The tech, Juan, and the person at the store, Perla proceeded to attempt to speak in Spanish regarding the issue.  I had to ask them to speak in English so I knew what was transpiring.  Perla said nothing could be done until the tech came in with a report, even though he was right there.  I asked to speak to the store manager.  Of course, he was not in the store.  At some point another employee got on the phone and tried to hang up on me.  He refused to give me his name.  He acted like I was being unreasonable for wanting to return the chair and that I wouldn't wait until the store manager called me back.  \nMark, finally gave me his name, along with the store manager's name, \nAl.  He refused to give me last names.  He promised the manager will call me back by 8:00pm tonight.  We'll see.\nSo at this point, I have a chair that doesn't work, and that I no longer  want.
try to check in 5 minutes early, the fee is $40.\nAsk for a half hour more than 11am checkout.. Fee is $40\nRooms average with small tv\nSlots bad\nRude service at restaurants and hotel check in\nCrowded and very smoky\nThey tack on a $25 resort fee each day whether you use it or not.\nCoffee is $3.95 a cup\nBuffet way overpriced and crappy. Not like other Vegas buffets.\nMost guests are either overseas Italians or drunken kids..\nThe language in most places in the Casino is worse than docks in NYC where I once worked.\nJust a sampler folks.\nAvoid
I wouldn't go back here...\n\nTook 40 minutes to get an order of eggs :(\n\nThe manager corrected the time that it took me to get my food instead of apologizing.\n\nBad food BAD service!
Terrible and so sad. Had really high hopes as I love SLS. Casino is a mess, and filled with smoke (note all new casinos have figured this problem out). Restaurants look like cafe's. Just opened and yet looks dirty. Valet is confusing.
We saw Dice Clay here in May of 2010. His performance was great but the venue itself was not. The drink service was very slow, they made you buy drinks before the performance, the seating was ackward and the venue itself looks like its getting old. \n\nThey line you up outside and they see if you have tickets, then you have to wait another line to get in. Two lines to get into the place. \nThis place is in the LV Hilton, where its off the strip and older than Elvis' corpse. So, what do you expect? Five stars?
I'm confused...why does it say Italian, breakfast-brunch? The staff and bartenders were awesome!! Their food however, wasn't. You could tell the pretzel bites were frozen and heated in a microwave. My boyfriend ordered the brisket which was very dry. He took 3 bites out of it and had to send it back, even though it was smothered in grease and bbq sauce. The waitress was kind enough to offer anything else in place of the brisket, and they kindly took it off the bill. The drinks are over priced for a \""local bar\"" $10 for a cocktail.
If it had ZERO STARS I would do that. We went here on a Saturday afternoon, pretty busy throughout Town Square and it was pretty empty inside. The only reason we finally decided to go in is because we had a restaurant.com coupon. Had we not had it I would've been UPSET to pay for mushy garbage.\n\nOrdered (don't order in other words) \n\nChile relleno=sweet outer crust with a greeeezy inside of nasty who knows what. Edible, but not great. No heat, bland tasteless cardboard.\n\nAhi Steak $20 -Overpriced for tasteless seared ahi tuna. It doesn't take much to make a delicious tuna steak, I've even conquered that at home. No taste no spice not even the seasame seeds had flavor. \n\nStreet Taco-It was OK but not great. $4 too much for bland tacos\n\nSangria Blanca was excellent-only good thing there\n\nI'd hate to hate on places but I want to warn people to not go somewhere and spend their hard earned money on bad food. In this economy going out is a special treat. I only review really great or really bad places.\nIt's too expensive and dissapointing. It could have good potential because the concept is great.\nStay away
This review is for the spa only.\n\nI am a local and received a gift card for the hotel so we thought we would spend it at the spa.  I know what your thinking, how could anyone complain when it's free AND complain about a spa!\n\nWhen we first arrived we were checked in by a friendly staff member and we told her it was our first time visiting.  She walked us to the stairs and said the service staff will then take care of our lockers, etc downstairs. The service staff retrieved our spa shoes and locker keys and left us guessing after that.  I said it's our first time here - where do we go?  He pointed us to the Men/Women rooms where he said the lockers were and that the massage therapist would pick us up in there.\n\nThis is where I got upset. No tour, had no idea where anything was, pretzels on the floor, kleenex dispenser empty, no toiliet paper in the stall, stall door lock was broke, candles weren't lit etc.  As I sat in the lounge to wait for my massage, I overheard a staff member giving a \""tour\"" to another lady.  Wow - where did I go wrong after telling them 3 times that we had never been there! (once over the phone).\n\nThe massage was great as was the therapist Jennifer.  After the massage Jennifer told us about the couples Jacuzzi.  We got dressed and went to the Jacuzzi, tried to turn it on - no bubbles!  I asked a therapist if I was turning it on incorrectly and she stated that the bubbles weren't working but you can still sit in it.  What?  I can sit in my hot bath tub at home if that was the case!\n\nNeedless to say, we left after I couldn't charge my cocktail I ordered to my spa account at their private pool.  Upon checkout, we didn't even receive a thank you, come back soon, nothing.  Therefore, we will never be back and I would never recommend this spa.
Ok. So I have run bars for 12 years.  This place originally caught my eye after an Andrew dice clay show at vinyl.  Guitarist was great.  Atmosphere pretty good.  No coors light wtf.  I guess they sold out to Budweiser.  Not cool.  So having a pretty good time dancing in front of the guitarist playing sublime.  Not getting crazy or anything and the GM wants to call security on my friend because \""he's intoxicated\"".  Yes. HES IN A BAR IN A CASINO!   Duh. He was by no means being inappropriate or out of hand.  From running bars I know the difference.  After security gets there I talk to security and assure them that nothing is wrong.  Well GM bullshits and gets my boy kicked out.  Total douche move.  Even after I talk to him and try to reason he becomes even more of a fucking asshole and kicks me out for \""talking rowdy\"".  Really??   I'd like to see him outside and show him \""ROWDY\"".  This place is not part of Hard Rock and should be kicked to the fucking curb!!!
So we stayed here after deciding to come to Vegas on a whim. I don't have much to say about it considering my boyfriend and I basically used the room to change, hold our stuff, and we didn't come back till the next morning to pick up our stuff... What happens in Vegas, well, you know the rest. Anyway, this place is OLD. But it's kind of charming to see something old school amidst the shine and glitter. It reminds me of when I used to go to Vegas as a child w/ my parents and grandparents. I don't know if I'd stay here and actually sleep in a bed only because I don't know how clean it is. It's just so old so as far as upkeep goes, it's pretty... Well, I'd compare the rooms to a motel you found on the side of the freeway. No actual restaurants in the place (at least I don't think). And the tattoo shop said they were open twenty-four hours but when we went in at 3:30 in the morning to get our tattoos done, they were closed! So we had to take a cab to one that was open... Hehehehe.\nI like the location. It's a quick $8.00 cab ride to just about anywhere on the strip. And they have that monorail stop there so that was convenient for the morning after when my feet was just not up to walking anymore and we didn't want to bother with a cab. The monorail is a real nice way to bounce around and sight see the town as well. Overall, kinda sad to know the Sahara will be no more in May, but it's certainly has it's fun... I'm sure.
I recently purchase three pairs of pants and three tops from the Avenue store in Mesa, AZ.  I am very disappointed in the quality and value of the merchandise.  It provides valuable insight into their return policy.  While shopping, I couldn't' help but notice the pricing and marketing schemes that Avenue employs.  Jacking prices up, only to mark them down \""on sale\"" for the appearance of getting a good deal.  \n\nI wore the jeans once, and washed them.  When I pulled them from the washer, there was a hole in one leg and the decorative stitching was pulling out.  I took them back to the store, and the sales clerk informed me that because they were worn and washed, they could accept them as a return.  She said that the policy wouldn't allow it, because I may not have followed the labeled washing instructions.  Yes, I do read laundry instruction tags, and these were denim jeans after all- not something that would require special attention.  After some negotiating, she did agree to do an exchange for another item in the store, but that they could only do it this one time.  I left with the new pants and was \""on the fence\"" about if I would be a return shopper.\n\nThe next morning, on my way out the door to work, I noticed that one of the shirts I had also purchased, worn once and laundered also was fraying and had a faded spot.  That sealed Avenue's fate.  I will not be a return customer.
Las Vegas local. Sahara was my first job upon arriving in town 8 years ago. \n\nThe good:\n1.  The restaurants. 800 Degrees was very tasty and very reasonably priced, particularly for a Vegas casino. Cleo's was also above average and fairly reasonably priced although the portions are on the smaller side. \n\nThe Bad:\n1. Upon check-in had to wait behind two drunk kids from the pool that were having some issue with their room. They literally stood there flirting(if you can call it that) with the receptionist adjacent to us for 30 minutes. The manager made no attempt to pull them aside and deal with their issue or say enough is enough and move them along. \nThe receptionist that checked us in was nice and did a good job. \n\n2.  The pool is very small and thus becomes overcrowded with no chairs or shade available to most of the people. I was with two kids so we just laid our towels out on the ground and enjoyed it. They didn't care.  Seemed like no cocktail service was offered unless you had a cabana. I actually went into the casino to get some beverages. Crowd was posers and 80% douchebags; 10% straight out hookers.  \n\n3.  The rooms are spartan and are very very small. Not a single decoration on the wall, in either the main room or bathroom. That's not an exaggeration. The bed frames were cheap, the AC was loud, the ceiling had some weird exposed concrete with industrial lighting fixtures going on. Looked like something from an unfinished basement. In addition there was no bathtub and not even a proper bathroom!  The sink was in the main room and the bathroom door slid over to cover the sink area when opened. So anyone wanting to use the sink area meant the person in the shower room had to stay there. Just weird and not functional. Two rooms here would easily be 2-3 somewhere else. No joke. There was also a buzzer that went off literally every 15 minutes or so ALL night. I still haven't figured out what, or where, it was. Any call to guest services will be a 10-30 minute wait time. \n\n4. A lot of employees said hello and acknowledged us. Many did not. I would think a place that just opened would have everyone acknowledging every guest. \n\n5. Employees don't seem to know much about the property which I put on management as much as the individual employees. As just one example one told me the gym closes at 8pm. Another told me it's open 24/7. A third told me 7pm.\n\n6. Forget about getting a CODE card unless you wanna wait a substantial amount of time.  \n\n7.  No poker room.  \n\n8. The casino floor has way too many machines and/or table games serving as obstacles.  Absolutely no room to maneuver about. It's like herding cattle around the perimeter. \n\n9.  The spa could use some work.  Upon stepping off the elevator I was greeted by a lobby that looked like I had haphazardly hung some white sheets from the wall.  I guess it was supposed to be cool but it just looked tacky.  I can't speak to any spa services other than the gym.  The dumbbell workout area was awkward.  I'm tall, 6'4'', but I'm not so tall as to be unusual.  The ceiling was very low.  So low, in fact, that had I wanted to lift the dumbbells above my head I would have punched a hole in the ceiling.  I found it to be too dark as well.\n\nHaving said all that the stay was free so I can't complain too much. I will say though that our offer letter promised, and we booked,  a \""World Tower\"" room. Upon check in they put us in the \""Story Tower\"".  Just wanted to give a review. Hope the kinks get worked out. There's really nothing for someone with kids to do here except eat, but I realize someone with kids may not be their target demographic.
The man stumbled upon The Comeback In for brunch and really liked it.  When he talked about the different combinations of food and their delicious pancakes I was stoked to try it.  When we finally decided to try it on a Saturday morning I was definitely not as enamored with the place as he was. \n\nI don't know if I was expecting the place to be different just because I was there for breakfast but this place is totally a bar that is trying its hand at breakfast as well.  I mean I had been there for drinks a few times but I somehow expected a different vibe when we went for breakfast.  My wish was not fulfilled.  Instead I was led to a sticky, lopsided table with a waitress that look like she'd been working there for 45 years.  None of that matters much right? Well it wouldn't if the food was superb.  But it wasn't.\n\nThe place is mediocre at best.  They love oil and make you well aware of it.  The first time I visited here I ordered the walleye with toast.  I know that it is not typical breakfast fare but I love me some walleye.  Anyway, got the walleye, tried the walleye, but didn't like the walleye.  It was oily as all get out and one side was burned.  The toast was slathered in butter, yuck.  My over easy eggs were simply just gross.  They were really watery and completely inedible.\n\nBut what do you do when you have a meal like that?  You go back to try it again.  I went back to try the pancakes that the man said were the best pancakes he ever had.  I ordered them with the walleye (again), along with the potatoes.  I could go into a long description as to how oily everything was (again) and how the potatoes looked as though they had been stuck in the tread of my tire.  But I wont.  \n\nI don't like this place and I def will not be back.  Not for breakfast anyway!
So far 3 visits, one take-out experience. Pho Ga (Chicken) not on menu, but accommodated when requested. Portions small, and food $1-2 more expansive than most. Good spring roll, not worth stir-fry flat noodle, pho so-so. Service need a lot of training, like remembering to provide utensils at table or in takeouts. The place has no competition 4 mi. radius. It may either succeed or go out of business is next two years or less if they don't improve their business method. Good luck.
This is an extremely average bar serving extremely average bar food. While, after a liter of German beer from Essen Haus next door, the sliders I ordered tasted delicious, I recognize that they weren't really much different from sliders that you can get anywhere else. My steak ones were extremely juicy and tender, while the chicken ones resembled cardboard. My friends' burgers as well as the cheese curds we shared were all average, reminiscent of the kind you'd get at any other bar.\n\nI wasn't especially impressed by the atmosphere. It was just a loud, crowded bar with your basic bar decor and Madison bar crowd. Our waitress also either got high before work, or someone decided her first day on the job should be on a busy Saturday night. She screwed up several parts of our order and didn't seem to be very familiar with the basic etiquette of being a waitress, like when to show up and when to walk away. None of it was too serious, but what really got me is that she didn't know anything about any of the beers on the menu. You work at a bar next to a German biergarten. Seriously?
So disappointed! I am sitting at the farm now, with the bill in front of me, yet my empty plate is still on the table, and has been for 15 minutes. The crepe with bechamel does not come with bechamel, it came with milk on top or so it would seem from the lack of thickness we would associate with a true bechamel. We respectfully asked for something else and were treated to attitude the rest of the breakfast!  \nWhy do servers not realize that an unhappy customer doesn't come back?  Our waitress Janis knew right away we were unhappy but instead of asking, she avoided us. I actually stopped another waitress, who much to her credit, was gracious and polite and offered another choice.  Then when the hostess brought the new dish she plopped it in front of my husband and said \""sorry you didn't like the crepes\"" in an extremely disingenuous manner.  Sorry Arcadia Farms, your location may be cute but I'd rather eat soupy crepes at a restaurant that understands the lifetime benefits of making sure customers are happy.  Never coming back!
Management has changed, and with that went the customer service and quality.\n\nJust a few minutes ago, I ordered with some co-workers from the cafe (they are in the first floor of our building). The milk was spoiled-it smelled and tasted extremely sour. So it was taken back down. Instead of apologizing and attempting to make it right-the manager poured it in a cup of coffee and said \""it's not curdling-it's fine, see?\""  I'm sorry-excuse me? She relented and refunded for the milk.\n\nExtremely unfriendly, unprofessional, and just horrible-especially considering how much they are charging for food.
I've reevaluated my opinion. Security is the one at fault for my concerns. Not Harrahs and not Flamingo.
When I returned to my room at noon the next day the mattress had not been changed. I called the front desk and spoke to another manager. She was apologetic and far more accommodating. The mattress was changed. In fact both mattresses were changed. She waived the resort fee and comped a meal.  I appreciate the effort.
My girl and I popped in after our Friday movie at 8:30. We wait at the front counter for 5 minutes waiting to place our order but nobody came but not for lack of people. There was a girl mopping a spilled drink right by the counter and she never acknowledged us. There was a guy with a mustache that came out from the back and walked the length of counter twice he looked at us but just put his head like we weren't there. Needless to say we're eating Thai food now. Would've loved to try this place but apparently they didn't want our business. Good luck with that business model.
I do love Target, but after this experience I will no longer shop at the specific Target. Last week I ran into Target to purchase two C.D's one for myself and one a gift. One of them was regular price and one was on sale for only $9.99. I thought great, what a deal! I go up the check-out, which is busy, and wait a few minutes to find that my C.D. did not come up as the sale price posted. The check-out girl gets a manager to come over and he does a price check. I tell him there are two versions of the C.D. a deluxe and regular, I had chosen the regular. He asks if I got in on the end of a isle on in the middle. I tell him in the middle under pop/rock. He tells me the C.D. is $13.99 on a big display at the end of an Isle and says nothing more. It's been about 4-5 minutes now and there are people waiting behind me. So I say \""Ok, Never mind, I do not want it then.\"" The girl just stares and me and the manager just stands there? I have no idea what is going on, so I say again, \""Never mind, I don't wait it\"" and swipe my card. Again, a silence and they are both just standing there. I say \"" I swiped my card\"" to the check out lady and she \""ugh's\"" at me and give me my receipt without my bag with my other C.D. in it. I had to literally reach over the counter to get it. I decided to run back to the C.D. section to re-read the SALE sign I saw. Ha, well it was gone. They had taken in down, so I talk to someone in the Electronic department and they have no Idea what is going. The manager comes back and explains that yes, the sign was left up past the sale date and I did not wait long enough for him to find out...I told him that he had me standing there in silence for almost 10 minutes talking on his \""walkie talkie\"" and maybe a \""one minute ma'am\"" or \""Im just looking into that for you miss\"" would have been a nice indication that he wasn't just standing there staring off into space. He proceeded to argue with me telling me that I just walked away from him. Why didn't he say \""Wait one minute Ma'am\"" or something, anything for that matter...? Too bad I didn't catch his name, or else that would be on here too. I shut him up by saying \""Don't worry about it, I will be returning the one C.D. I bought and buying both at Best Buy, I'm sure they will appreciate my business!\"" I got my C.D. at Best Buy for ONLY $6.99 :) See if you can beat that Target!
Gainey has lost its luster.   After many years of membership, I was sorry to see this happen.
Worst breakfast experience ever in Vegas.  Went here from Yelp reviews. Unfriendly staff, ordered steak and egg special.  Price was appealing at 4.39.  No players card the price goes to $6.99.  Add a egg its 3.99.  Very average food.  Total bill for a simple, nothing special breakfast was $15.10. \nDon't mind paying the price for something good but this was a Vegas rip-off.\nBy the way this was my first review and I use this app all the time.
I ate here on one of my first days in Phoenix. The food was edible, not quite the Greek I'm used to. Not even close to the Greek fast food back in Omaha. For Greek seasoned fries they sure were bland. The gyros were not as flavorful as I am used to either. Service was ok. But then again we were there when it wasn't really busy. When I come back to Phoenix next year I don't think that this will be on my lists of eats.
It's a pity this has to be rated so low because honestly if they executed the food that is on the menu better it could be great. Everything looks wonderful on the menu, and some things look truly interesting, but they arrive pretty but lacking. Costwise it's not at all out of line, if it were well executed, and you get a surprising amount of food when it arrives (which unfortunately isn't a good thing when the food isn't great). \n\nI split the lamb sushi roll with my tablemate and it was the best part of the meal, though the tzatziki was bland. With a bit of tweaking (stronger flavor and fresh herbs) could have made that dish spectacular instead of just good. The lamb itself was well seasoned and the other ingredients worked well with it. \n\nMy main meal was the 'ultimate bento' in hopes of getting a sampling of what the food could be, but it wasn't so ultimate. It had clearly been sitting around waiting for a while (it took forever to get it) which did the food no favors, but it was poorly executed to begin with. The sushi roll was soggy (probably from the time sitting), which made for a miserable experience since fried calamari had been in the equation. The calamari ended up a soggy mess in the middle of the roll. The slider was very poorly cooked (one patty was cooked to death and may have even bounced if dropped, while the other was medium and actually spot on), the pimento cheese that was supposed to be on it literally was a smaller dab than my fingernail, and there was just a single soggy shaved pepper on it. The sweet potato fries were no better than what you'd experience in a cheap restaurant, which was also unfortunate since I really like sweet potato fries, but the sitting I'm sure had a lot to do with that as well. The cucumber salad was good, though realistically it couldn't have ever made up for the rest of it.\n\nOverall I'd say save your money. Spend it somewhere where the execution lives up to the description on the menu.
The owners are nice, almost a little TOO nice. The chicken is good I got the fried and baked versions and I liked the fried better. Mac and cheese I was not blown away. It was cheesy and hot but it lacked flavor! My biggest gripe is those sauce cups I mean really they are 1 oz cups and are not even full. I use 1 cup per chicken strip at least. I asked for more sauce and they are 40 cents for 1 oz of sauce. Wing stop has better wings and fries and more sauce. Their 4 oz sauce cups are 50 cents thanks
Came in to try the highly reviewed homemade noodles. Asked about them. Yes, they had them. Didn't end up getting those. Maybe there is a magic word we didn't know about? \n\nWe had the chicken potsticker appetizer, the pork with mushrooms, a wonton soup, and a curry chicken with noodles. Food wasn't bad...but it wasn't great either. We were the only table in the restaurant, and the three staff members were sitting at another table watching something on an iPad. I felt a bit weird about interrupting them for an ice tea refill...so I sipped off my daughters drink. \n\nCertainly not worth driving over from Green Valley, but we'd wanted to try it based on all the other reviews. Tried it. Meh.
This is the most confusing airport I have ever been in, I just wanted to kill things by the time I mad e it out.
I'm sure if you ended up here it was by accident. So, I'll forgive you.
Ordered a bowl of soup and bread and butter. Was told I would be charged 4.99 for bread and butter.  Never heard of such a thing. Talked to the manager and his response was \"" I don't make the rules.\"" Will not be eating here again.
Not a big fan of this place to be honest. Last time i enetered the store the staff were uninterested and not friendly. I find the pricing ridiculous too considering the quality/quantity of some of the products!
Not sure why all the positive reviews.  Thought maybe we'd get something other than typical Americanized Chinese food.  Unfortunately, no, and the food was so salty that we could not finish it.
This place looked awesome online. The website said the playground opened at nine but when we got there they were closed. A lady came out and said they don't open until 11. I drove all the way from Tempe with a screaming infant in the car only to find they were closed. The woman working there was pretty unapologetic about the whole thing. I will definitely not be coming back.
This was the first time and probably the last time going to Dickey BBQ. I heard some good commits so I tried it. The ribs were dry and the potatoes casserole tasted like boxed mash potatoes and the green bean and bacon was just bland.
Sorry P.J. Lovers. Not a $$ restaurant try $$$. A $17 Burger should be better than that. They also need to learn how to cook Lobster. Should be white and firm not clear and  mushy. The menu states grilled sorry not what I was server. Lobster was served with out sides thus the $$$. But the the fries were good to bad the rest of the meal did not come close.
Everything is average about this place. The day shift server is not that good she less than average. She could use some customer service training. I understand it's not an easy job but she should take some pride in her occupation.
I think this is the first time I've ever given a 1 star review. It's not that I want to give Otto a 1 star, but I am compelled to.\nLet me start out with some of our mistakes or variables that you have to account for when eating out:\n- we came a little after 11am on a Saturday morning (aka right when they open)\n- we expected a lot from this place since it has a \""Mario Batali\"" on its sign\nOur server was quite nice, tried very hard to sell us the appetizers, but we only wanted to grab a quick bite before gambling - plus, we had to leave at 2pm to catch our flight, so we are basically in a rush.\nThe bread was okay - my friend said it was grainy. Their breadsticks came in a package - they were alright.\nWhen the food came...that's when the nightmare started. We had a long night of partying, were running on 4hours of sleep and planned to go to the Wynn Buffet but decided there was not enough time, so Otto it is.\nBack to the food. I thought Italian food is supposed to be all about olive oil, tomatoes, basil and al dente pasta. What we got was SALT SALT SALT. We got:\n- overly salty lasagna\n- overly salty other pastas (I forgot the names)\nThey were horribly salty. My friend ended up telling the server his pasta was too salty (and the pastas were nowhere near al dente - some were over and under cooked). He then ended up getting an arugula salad with parmesan cheese - that wasn't great either because it was overly oily.\nOverall, the food didn't look as pretty as the Venetian atmosphere surrounding us and I probably won't be going back again. \n\nLesson of the day: take into consideration the variables I mentioned above and hopefully you'll have a better experience here like most of the other yelpers.
Stayed July 12-13 for JT concert , there's also a Sorority conference . What an awful hotel , definitely not worth $205 for one night .\n1. Leaking room at 325 , water coming from 4th floor and looked like it's been there a long time \n2. Poor elevator service . 4 elevators and only one working . I used the stairs 90% of the time coz of the lonngggg wait \n3. No security bar on door \n4. Noisy AC\n5. Horrible food at the bar / restaurant .\n6. If cost was $75 per night , this is at best a 3 star but at $205.... This is at best a 1 star hotel .\n\nStay Away from this hotel !!!!!!
Considering this place is on the top 10 best restaurants in Edinburgh, I was pretty disappointed.  \n\nWhen we arrived we informed the staff that we were waiting on one other person to join us but she had been pulled into a meeting last minute so would let them know within 10 minutes whether she was able to make it or not.  When we told them that she couldn't make it they made a huge song and a dance about clearing one set of cutlery and one glass off the table, their huffing and puffing was the only atmosphere in the restaurant!  Honestly, if any of the waiting staff cracked a smile I think their faces would have broken!!!  \n\nThat does seem quite harsh considering how good the food was however good service counts for so much to any night out!  \n\nThe food was lovely - bursting with flavours, decent amount without being any wasted and the presentation was delightful as most plates were decorated with edible flowers.  I tried Song Pi Nong - Two Brothers and Koo Saneha - A Loving couple which were delicious but at \u00a37.95 and \u00a39.50 for starters it isn't cheap!!!  \n\nI went in a big group and everyone had a different main course.  I can't remember what everyone had however there wasn't a dish that was disappointing.  Each was scrumptious in their own right.  \n\nAll in all, this place would be great if they did take aways but I won't be rushing back anytime soon as I think that there are restaurants out there that are just as good, cheaper in fact and serve their customers with a friendly smile!
So far my restaurant experience in Phoenix has been subpar when it comes to service and this one took the cake. Everytime the server came to our table it was just to do one thing and we would be left in the lurch with our mouths silenced in the middle of asking for something. Finally the food came and it was actually quite delicious, I ordered the turkey eggs benedict with potatoes and fresh fruit. However once again the food was dropped off with no silverware, no condiments and no refills on the coffee. I truly hope the restaurant re-trains the staff or hires a whole new batch, because I am afraid food alone can not keep a business afloat.
Unable to find the place. Initially told it was only open on Mondays. Later learnt the location had changed. Finally, told by a taxi driver that they had shutdown.
The food I had was OK but not great. We had to ask for everything we needed from other employees that seemed to be floating around the restaurant not doing much else other then saying they would let our server know.... I don't think they ever did because the same server only visited our table twice after we ordered. We got our appetizers, mains and sushi all in one, it wouldn't even fit on the table unless we took off the candle and yet the waiter just kept shoving stuff on the table. We never got drink refills till he came to give us our check. I'd never go back, the service was not good at all.
The food was fair at best. The variety of dishes left a lot to be desired.  The sushi was mediocre, it's better at Fry's.  The restrooms were unpleasant, my 6 year old was afraid to use the bathroom.  It was not worth driving over from Surprise.
There was nothing that this restaurant excelled in.  Unless you're looking for mediocrity.\n\nWe dined here on a recent Sunday night.  Our server was nice... but nice isn't enough.  He knew nothing about the menu--he could only tell us what the best-sellers were, not why they were any good.  I also stated at the beginning that I had a food allergy, and while the server was responsive at first, my entree arrived with a big helping of that allergen on top.  \n\nThe food itself was salty--I guess, if you want food to taste good, just add a lot of salt.  Both entrees were not as described on the menu.  And finally, on our final bill, one food item rang up for an incorrect price. A $10.25 cocktail was split into three line items, which just plain seemed strange.\n\nWe won't be going back, as there are too many better dining choices in Madison.
I got a French manicure, and one week later all the polish has peeled off, and my cuticles are absolutely ruined. They're completely torn up. I'm honestly embarrassed to look at them. Furthermore, the \""nude\"" color they're supposed to use for a French manicure? It had PINK SPARKLES in it. I felt like I was in 5th grade walking out of this place. However, it chipped and peeled within a few hours anyway because they never did a top coat. \n\nOn a side note, my mother got a pedicure at the same time. Her technician made her bleed and then just painted over the wound.\n\nThat said, my nail technician was very nice to me. Everyone there was perfectly pleasant and cheery. The man doing the nails of the girl next to me was nice enough to offer me coffee and water... but because I \""looked tired.\"" \n\nNever tell a girl she looks tired.
Terrible job done on my acrylic nails. I went to a different place to get them fixed right afterwards. The sanitation techniques were not clean at all! A man did my nails and I won't let that happen again. Never going back here. 0 stars
I win! I've seen way more elaborate mini-golf parks, this had no flash nor flare. Employees are nice, but for vegas this complex could use more than the overdose of neon lights and glow in the dark one level attractions. Sounds kinda mean but i know its true.
Really bad service! My mom took her van here and bought tire's. When she took it home air bag and door light is on, she called the shop and said to bring it back. She did and they tried to figure out what is wrong, they got the dash board light for air bad and door light off, when my mom took it home for the second time she tried to open the back passenger door, it wont open at all. We tried to tell them to fix it but they wont take responsibility of their own work. We will continue to tell people not to come here and will never come back. For future customer's, save your money and time. Do not come here!
I'm in town for a convention and decided to grab a Sub to take back to the hotel room.  This Subway has a great location in the Arizona Center.  It was not very busy.  The staff was friendly and neat. \n\nI was disappointed when I got back to the room to eat only to discover that the bread either old or left in the microwave to long.
Dane Brooks \nIs a Con Man and Extremely Dishonest!!!,  BEWARE  I Had A HORRIBLE experience with him.This Man Has NO Business Being In The Business . Very Very SHADY Character.
If i could leave less than 1 star i would. Horrible.., Horrible!! Order making. 3 times in a row that they repeat the order correctly but cannot make it right. Missing items, raw egg yolk in breakfast jack. Large fries that have small portions. Please avoid this location. They will fail you. Its comical at this point. I gave up.
Excellent Service, Horrible Food! Plus to many \""Hidden Add-on\"" to the check! Sauce for my Calamari, extra without informing! Parents Zucchini Strips sauce, extra! Blue Cheese for Salad, extra, etc!!! I ordered Lobster Ravioli, and it looked and tasted like plan cheese Ravioli. I forget to check the check to see if it was a mistake in the waiter placing the Order or they sent the wrong dish!!!
Hostess rude. Service was extremely slow and the food was below average and cold. Was supposed to get French tip squares for spinach dip but instead got stale tortilla chips. When asked waitress about it she was rude. Took forever to get food and then no one ever returned to ask how it was or if I needed anything else. In fact after 30 minutes I finally walked to the bar to ask for another beer. I regret leaving the small tip that I did leave. I would never, ever go back. The chicken strips were dry, overcooked, and tiny. Bad meal and bad service.
This Kmart is one of the worst I gone to. It is very quiet and the people aren't very friendly. The shelves weren't very well stocked and there were things a mess in the aisles.
I'm not a fan of extremely loud, trashy, and dirty places, and so this place isn't exactly exciting in my books. Drinks are ok, and food is fine (although a friend of mine just had a bad case of food poisoning from their dish of the day...). Not really my cup of tea, but if you're a fan of Irish pubs, I guess this is one of the more popular ones..
Came here for my 6 year old's birthday with the extended family; it was a busy night for them, and I felt quite bad for the wait staff. In the beginning part of the meal, they did a pretty good job with the service and the food was actually 4 star (tuna poke was a particular standout).\n\nThen things got progressively uglier. Despite the restaurant slowing down, our waiter pretty much disappeared. Whenever he would come by, we asked him to bring out my daughter's birthday cake with candles that we had brought to celebrate. He told us at least twice that it was on its way...then 30 minutes went by. Both my kids are melting down, my 6 year old is crying on her birthday, the grandparents are falling asleep and I couldn't even find the waiter.\n\nHe finally reappeared and I asked him for the cake back and the check cause we had to go. Another 10 minutes and the cake and the check appear...with a mandatory 18% gratuity added on.\n\nNo apologies from the waiter, just our own cake back, a sad little girl, and a pretty much ruined evening.\n\nSo we walk out, then I realize that they didn't give us our candles back and we still needed to light them at home! \n\nFinal straw, daddy really mad now. Marched back in and spoke to the manager who was very accommodating, removed the tip and found my candles (likely fished out of the garbage). \n\nThe moral: great food, they try hard, they just happened to wreck a particular little girl's birthday dinner (for what that's worth).\n\nLuckily, we washed the candles and had a great time at home!
Paid for extra meat and this is what I get?\nTip 15% and at the door for delivery? \nReally? One and only time I'll order from this place!\nI ordered a chicken BBQ pizza and got a sausage BBQ pizza btw!
I have not good time stomach after eating here. In America it seems Japanese Radiation fish is common in fast food! I do not like fish is same color of mountain dews.
I have been going to the location on rainbow and Lake Mead for more than 10 years. The service at this location was so terrible that I don't know that I would go back even with all the years of service before this. \n\nThe food had an odd gas taste and when we complained about it they told me they don't cook with gas and refused to take it back. Overall it was such a bad experience that no matter how good the food is I could not justify giving it more than one star
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Rio this past weekend.  We chose to stay here in order to save a few bucks.  Typically we like to stay at the Wynn or the Trump Towers.  Anyway we checked into a non-smoking room that had a king size bed.  \n\nThe good news:The view was decent.  It wasn't a strip view but we could see the Palms casino from where we were.  The room was very spacious.  It had a desk area and a living room area with a couch & coffee table.  There was a mini-fridge, the windows were nice and large ( wall to wall), the tv had a swivel pull out shelf, there's 2 sinks in the bathroom area.  One sink is in the vanity area and the other in the actual bathroom.  \n\nThe bad news:  The walls are paper thin! I could hear every conversation happening in either of the neighboring rooms.  The carpet had some fruit punch looking stains.  The drapes didn't completely cover the windows so in the morning when the sun started to come up a sliver of light would shine through, but it was bright enough to wake us up.  The vanity area was nice a spacious, but the tub is TINY!  The door could practically hit the toilette it was so small in there.  It was also out dated.  The bed was also the most uncomfortable bed we've ever slept on.  The springs practically came shooting out of the matress and left marks on our backs.  The pillows were also very uncomfortable.  The check in lines were insanely long.  There were about 4 out of 8 stations with employees checking people in.  We also tried the famous \""world buffet\"" that they have there.  There is a wide selection, but the quality is so-so and you're lucky if the servers remember you exist! It was almost impossible to get a refill on our drinks.  \n\nNext time we will not skimp or try to save a few bucks.  It's not worth it.
Closed!!\n\n  Now home to Sol's on the Square
Me and the Mrs were looking for a place to kill some time while waiting to catch a plane home from Az. So we figured we would look on Yelp for a mall to stroll through. We came across the Arizona Center an saw it was near the airport so we figured we would give it a shot. What a let down! This place is far from what I consider a mall or even a strip mall. A few whack ass stores and some meager restaurants. To top it off we had to pay to park there. Lame! Won't be wasting our time here again.
If I could only get away with \""no stars\"", that is truly what is deserving here. I wanted so much to love this Cuban restaurant coming from S FL but unfortunately that will not be the case. Went on a Friday night and sat outside to listen to the music. Our server started right off the bat by saying \""this is my 2nd Friday working here\"" so already on edge for what was to come. I ordered the Steak Milan and hubbie got the Palomillo Steak. After about 10 minutes our server came back and said they ran out of the Steak Milan so I substituted the Chicken Milan. Meanwhile I overheard the same server tell the table next to us the ran out of Strawberries for the Strawberry Mojito.  At this time I ordered my 2nd Mojito to keep me relaxed - I could tell this would be an adventure. About 30 minutes later the food runner came with 2 plates - 2 Chicken Milan's...huh?!?!  Got our server who said they ran out of steak also for hubbie's Palomillo Steak. Not sure what gave her the impression she could just substitute the Chicken Milan. At this point, we asked to speak to the manager because our server was not going to explain what happened. The owner came over and asked us to explain our side of the events which we did. She said that they ran out of steak which included the same cut of meat used for the Palomillo Steak. She also said they may not have run out steak but didn't have enough cut up (Friday at 7pm and not prepared?!?!).  She went on to say that training new servers that are not familiar with Cuban food is hard and this is a tough business. She also proceeded to say this would probably be our servers last night working there. She apologized for the mistake and comped our drinks and Mariquitas. \n\nA couple of things I should point out here...I feel the issue with this restaurant is the Mgmt/Owners. Server training issue #1. Since the restaurant is in SC and not Cuba or even S FL, it's SO important to train their servers on Cuban food since they will be helping to educate customers who may have not had this type of food before. Issue #2 - WHAT RESTAURANT RUNS OUT OF STEAK on Friday night????  That is ridiculous!!  Finally...Issue #3 - it is in VERY poor taste to have the owner cry to us and tell us her problems with running a restaurant and tell us our server would be fired. \n\nSuffice to say we will not be back.
What have you changed?  I usually love Zoe's but today not so much.  The coleslaw tasted funny, the chicken was dry and even the lettuce seemed hot from the AZ sun.  Oh, and if you're not going to cut the chicken breast anymore buy some heavier weight cutlery so you can actually cut the chicken.
Ummmm... YUCK! My food was disgusting and $38 a plate. I swear to you I've had better chinese food at the mall for $8.  I'm giving them two stars because it's not their fault, it's mine. I had been warned that their food was pretty bad and I went anyway. I deserved that plastic tasting chicken.
Wow tried it again this time went after lunch rush 130 pm wow 3 entrees  where empty and was wanting 2 out of the 3 but picked another one. And the lady said they could make the one I want  wow the cook gave the lady helping me a dirty look and took his time first finishing moping the back  the service of the counter lady was great but the cook was the worst . I will not come here to this panda ever
The name says it all: this place is pretty terrible.\n\nI remembered having fun playing slots here in the middle of the night a few years ago (must have been drunk).  \n\nThis time I rapidly lost $20 in a penny slot, couldn't find a bar, lost $5 more while I waited for a Budweiser from a surly cocktail waitress (I made the mistake of asking what kind of beer they had as if I was in a craft beer bar and she was pretty much like \""what do you mean what kind of beer do we have?!) and couldn't run away from here fast enough (luckily we were closeish to our hotel).\n\nApparently, the Terrible's chain also operates a car wash as we drove by it.  I can't even imagine how bad that could be.
I have a 2000 528i that was given to me by my mother. She has been taking it here for years. I have taken it back there for oil changes since I have owned the car for the last two year. I guess they are hard up for money now and are willing to make shit up so you have to spend money that you don't need too. I brought it in in the beginning of the year for an oil change. The woman in the front office gave me a list of things that need to be done to my car. She made it sound urgent to get this done. I told her when I get the money I'll bring it in. Well several months later I got some of the repairs done on her list by others. Went back again for an oil change and now never mind the oil leak (they claim I have so bad) , I seem to have to change the seal in the shifter. They gave me pictures and made it look official. The way the woman at the front desk was pushing and pressuring me to get at least the shifter seal fixed now, so at least they can get some money for me before they release the car to me. I had to beg her to please finish so I can get back to work. She wanted me to commit in getting the seal replaced. Well I decided to go somewhere else. Will come to find out THEY ARE LAIRS AND ALL THEY WANT IS YOUR MONEY!!!!!!. Found out I don't need a shifter seal change and the oil leak isn't as bad as they claim. I will never bring my car there again and will comment on every site I can. What has happen to customer service?????
Seriously guys, adding a bunch of spices to cooked rice with lamb is NOT how you make biryani.  Oh, and who places green bell peppers to biryani?  I'm not sure what I was eating but with each\nbite, I asked myself loads of questions:\n\n\""Is this what I paid $13 for?\""\n\""Why did I pay $13 for this?\""\n\""Why am I sitting in my car, on my way to the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport, eating this spice flavored rice with\nnot lamb?\""\n\""What is this big black thing that looks like a beetle.  Oh, its just a cardamom?\""\n\""When I asked the guy who gave this to me for some raita (Indian yogurt condiment), why was he \nsaying that was going to be extra when it is always customary (and FREE) to hand that out with the biryani?\""\n\""Should I finish this or no?  I need to finish this, I paid 13 freakin dollars for this - that's why!\""\n\nThen, the cycle of questions would start all over again and if that is not torture, I'm not sure what is.
Beware the cost! The yogurt & toppings are good...but. Our family (3 people) decided to have a nice treat...   .59 cents per ounce sounded reasonable. We each selected the smallest bowl and put in our yogurt and toppings. 3 yogurts & 3 waters = $40.00 total. It was good...but it wasn't $40 good!
Don't come here for restaurant week, overpriced menu for the food you get. Tried all 3 main dishes and they were all bland, needed to add lots of salt. Service was excellent on the plus side.
This is a tough one.  It's probably the best Filipino restaurant in the Phoenix area.  But that's not saying much, because the few there are here are really not good.  Compare Jeepney Bistro to one of the places in Filipino Town (Los Angeles), and they get blown away.\n\nAnd, for the record, my wife is a Filipina.  And she cooks MUCH better than the chef here.  No contest.  A lot less grease/fat/oil, that's for sure!!\n\nAlso, their portions are a bit small.  Bigger than a few other places I could name, but still small.\n\nIf you really want some Filipino food, and you don't know my wife to beg some from her, this is probably your best option without driving to LA.  But don't form your opinion of Filipino food based on this place.  Go to LA and try Bahay Kubo Natin, or some others, and you'll get a much better idea of what the cuisine is about!
I really wasn't impressed. Over crowded. Servers are slow. Food bins were either empty or restocked with stuff other then what was posted. Mongolian BBQ - had great flavor, but the meat has bones in it, YUCK. Italian & Mexican were OK. The BBQ ribs about a B-. Just real average buffet. Not worth my time to return, when better buffets can be found closer to home.
You get what you pay for. In this case, perhaps a bit less. Unless you're interested in deeply smoke-filled casino areas. I experienced much better ventilation in all the 10 or so casinos I stepped foot in during my 4 night stay.  Also, the hotel room's toilet flushed extremely slow. Even Imperial Palace had power-assisted toilets. The food variety at the various restaurants in-house were dull, and the buffet was no better than a Hometown Buffet (not a compliment for those that like that place). Unfortunately, convenience played the key part in why I chose one of either McD's, Pizza Ht Xpress, Quiznoz, Krspy Kreme, or Round Table Buffet. 20 yrs old facility going on 50. At least my inspection of bed bugs came up clean. Oh, didn't mention the $15/night Resort Fee for I believe the pool/spa use, and the WIRED internet (no wireless available) both of which I didn't use. Who can really enjoy a pool that lacked trees or shade. Tropicana had a better environment for their pool area. I barely spent 5-6 per day in the room, but next time I'll still pay $50-100 more for a trip if it keeps me out of the Excal.
This is a medium sized all you can eat sushi and Asian food buffet.  We went during \""Happy Hour\"" where the price is only $11.95 per adult.  Possibly there are regular menu items that we missed by coming in an off peak time, but I doubt we will go back to find out.\n\nAlthough we like these kinds of restaurants, especially O Nami in San Diego, this is a poor representation.  The sushi is somewhat fresh, but the fish pieces are too large to eat in one bite and the rice quite small, it was an awkward eating experience.  I particularly dislike combo sushis without any labeling and there was none here.  There are also some hot dishes, such as soups, stir fries, fried noodles, and tempura shrimp and vegetables.  These were not bad, but not worth recommending.  The one thing that probably keeps people coming back is the chocolate fountain, which we are not particularly fond of.  The rest of the desserts are forgettable.\n\nBut the one thing that will definitely keep me away was the MSG headache I got less than hour after eating there.  It's been years since I had to worry about this food additive.  Although my headache was not bad, I don't need this experience again.  Go only if MSG doesn't bother you.
Normally I don't give reviews but I told myself to provide a review since the service was horrible and wouldn't want others to get the same bad service. Went to the shop to have my front brakes replaced and next thing you know it, they have taken the rear brakes off. I just wanted the front brakes. $99 service came out to be a $500 plus service. PLEASE AVOID JUST BRAKES. Just a scam to bring you in for $99. And YES, Kelly is his name. AVOID
Alright SLS you made an impact making this sahara hotel something new but when you want more people to come here you gotta be a big hit. unfortunately the  food did not hit the spot. the only thing was good was the hostess that gave us 2 for 1 because we are locals that came out to about $32 for two people otherwise it would have been $30 a person i really would have been dissapointed if i paid that price and ate the food not liking it...they need to have more varieties and food was bland. i will say this though i had this custard crossiant that was delish and they offered crepes on the spot those were good features for sunday brunch i guess
Some of the most delectable sweet treats I have had in Las Vegas have come from Pinkbox. BUT the experience I had there recently pretty much negates all of that. I ordered a dozen, and got a mix of classic and fancy schmancy gourmet. To be specific:\n3 glazed\n3 croissant style w/ cinnamon and sugar\n1 smores\n2 Maple Bacon\n2Fat Elvis\n1 Apple pie\nThey were SWAMPED! I got my box of goodies, and left. Now when I got them the glazed were still warm, and I THOUGHT that was a good thing. I was so wrong. When I got to the office and everyone dug in we realized the glazed AND the cronuts were RAW. Not kinda doughy- straight up not cooked. I was surprised, and kinda grossed out, so I called. The person I spoke to did not give there name, but identified themselves as the manager. He told me that I was wrong, was rude, dismissive, and with a rude little quip about \""not having time for this\""-hung up. I followed up with an email, and never heard back. It left a really bad taste in my mouth... So here it is in a nutshell:\nIF you patronize them, do so cautiously. If they screw up they will yell at you.There are tons of establishments that DO care, they apparently do not.
Horrible customer service.   Only customer in store ready to check out another customer walks in cashier decides to help new customer instead of checking me out.  Tells clerk waiting on me they have to wait mind you the new customer has not made up her mind.  10 min later they can check me out.  No sense of what customer service is. Asked to speak to manager she never came out of her office.
Dont eat here.... Their Hawaiian Pizza has had me stomach sick since Saturday. And the lady that was there was rude as hell. She should have been nice since three slices was 12 bucks not including the $3 tip i gave them.
Rob a bank before coming here because if not you will be filling out a small loan for a Red Bull and Vodka. Outrageously expensive drinks. $19 each, I did a double take to make sure my friend had heard the same thing the bartender had just  toxically spewed. Good thing we got in for free thanks to a friend or else I Would have had small\nepileptic seizure from the surprise and all the strobe lights around me. Large area to dance on but the club packs it to the brim. Real estate, like most of these Las Vegas hotel clubs, is once again hard to find here, you're better off on the top floor by the railings that surround the VIP tables and dance floor. I have never been to a place with so many bouncers up in your business as this place. Seems like ever table had it's own designated bouncer. If you get to close they'll ask you to move. Stand on the stairs for one second to long and you get a flashlight to the face. They are nothing short of tall, fat and rude.  Stay on the top floor, near the bar to be away from them and consider bringing a flask.
This is the WORST experience I have ever had at a restaurant ever! I went to this restaurant because I had a Groupon for this establishment and I was actually kind of excited to try put a new place close to home. Forget about it. A simple lunch service should be pretty staight forward but there was only one flustered server, getting water was a triumph. Two hot green teas and bbq chicken bahn mi orders were placed. 20 mins went by we tried to cancel the tea we got the comment that it was\"" already brewing\"". It wasnt any fancy tea, just plain old packets of Jasmine green tea. Im pretty sure they just didnt want us to deminish our tab. Finally our sanwiches arrived. Absolutely disgusting. The bread was soggy because they were sitting there. The supossed grilled barbeque chicken was cold and hard and resembled old shredded chicken. We waited forever for absolute garbage. On top of all that it was an ordeal to use the Groupon.
I have been here three times and it's only been ok for both food and beers. Service has always been decent until today and I won't be back. I always visit three times before writing a review because I feel it's a more accurate and fair to the establishment. Today they officially lost me as a customer. I walk in and sit at the bar. There is a waitress speaking to a couple that was eating at the bar and a male bartender that was also part of the conversation. I wait because, hey they can't just leave a customer they are talking to because that would be rude. Seriously it would. However, behind the male bartender engaged in conversation is a female blond bartender texting that could have easily turned around to take my order. I waited a couple minutes and the male bartender didn't even acknowledge me. Not a glance, look, or \""be right with you sir.\""  The blonde never stopped texting. I walked out and will never go back, there's too many places to eat in this town that don't ignore you and appreciate your business. Also seriously blond bartender? Texting and ignoring a customer? Inexcusable. More inexcusable is the manager that's letting happen in the first place.
Have been to this location 2xs in the past few months. 1st visit was for a weekday lunch, order the soup and salad combo which you would assume would be fairly easy and quick? Wrong! Took 30 minutes to get served...okay it's lunchtime and their fairly busy I get it soup must not be readily available for the server. 2nd visit a weeknight not very busy, started with coffee, server did not return to take our order so after 25 min and we had to flag him down to just get a check...will never go back.
i have had several  pairs of men's shoes' inserts replaced with leather ones. took almost 1 month!! yes, you read it correctly. like the previous reviewers, unless they do it right there on the spot, forget it.
I contacted a Promoter and was able to get in free for me and my dude... i was happy that he didnt have to pay kuz normally guys pay a discounted price even tho u on the list. so He got in free, thank goodness! then he walked us up to the front of the line. He gave me a VIP bracelet(only me, not my dude) and i was able to get free drinks till midnite. That was real kool kuz we got inside a lil before 11pm, so i had an hour to get me and my dude free drinks. I would jus go to a different bar to get a drink for him. u know i gotta work tha damn system!\n\nAnywho, music was aiight. It was mixed. but the hip hop and r&b they played was pretty wack to me. The dancefloor was an ok size but it was sooo damn crowded. Since we got in early, we were able to find a good spot to stand. There is no where to F'n sit! URGGHHH!!!! Bathroom was clean but it was dark as hell in there! The crowd was really mixed, but for some reason i saw the most indians(not the cherokee type, but the Kumar type).... I never been to a place and seen that many... i mean i have nuthn against them, im jus sayin! never been in a room fulla them!\n\noverall, it was WACK! thank goodness we didnt spend $h!t at this spot!!!
It took over an hour to get our food. Don't go on a Sunday after church.
Hate to give a bad review but I also hate to spend money on food that immediately goes into the garbage can. I ordered the food for delivery. When I asked the man on the other line taking my order what the difference between the regular fries and the Greek fries was he replied \""The Greek fries have greek stuff on them\"".   I wasn't sure if he meant gyro meat or cucumber yogurt. It was neither. When the food arrived it was an hour and a half later ( I was told 45 min max ).   The chicken on the sandwich was fried although the menu said it was grilled and the bun was burned so badly! The fries were cold and soggy and topped with what looked like a white cheese and oregano. I honestly have to say that it was the worst. There is not one good thing I could say about my experience with any of it.
Poor customer service. Three people in the store, two employees working on packages and one standing at the counter doing nothing. The one at the counter asked me how she could help me. I asked my question about the package I was picking up and she said it wasn't there. I explained it was coming from another FedEx store, she looked under the counter and again said it wasn't there. I explained it was supposed to be there at noon (an hour and a half ago). Nope... not hear yet. I would have expected her to say... Let me check on that for you. What store did you place the order with? Nope... I had to sit there and look up the other stores number and then make the call right in front of her. I guess picking up the phone wasn't in her daily job duties... nor was exceptional customer service explained to her either. This is the exactly the reason why UPS will always be a better company than FedEX.
Pricey cupcakes, beyond underwhelming.There wasn't much out, so ordered a simple chocolate cupcake and they couldn't even get that right. I've baked better at home.
Six of us dined prior to seeing Celtic Women last night.  Very disappointing, very!  Made our reservation 2 weeks prior to going to Bravo Franco.  Hostess wanted to seat 6 of us at a bar window!  Portions were ridiculously small on the Virginia Spots, three meals should have equaled one.  Mentioned this to the waitress and she did nothing to rectify.  Bread pudding dessert was not good.  Taste was bland and service mediocre.  Will not be going back, ever!
We started coming here about a month ago, the menu HAD so many great choices. We loved the buffalo chicken strips! We came in today for lunch (5/13) the menu changed, so many great items GONE! Very limited choices now. The food was so bad we didn't eat. Prices are still up there.. We won't be back, unless the old menu comes back too.
I had progressive motorcycle insurance for two years as of writing this review, and canceled it today for very good reason. \n\nMy policy was paid a year in full effective august 2013 to August 2014 (Completely paid!) and I also sent the required documentation they mailed me about 2-3 weeks later to finalize the deal. So come March 2014 I receive a letter from the Nevada DMV stating that \""I am uninsured, provide proof of insurance or pay 250$ to reinstate your registration\"". I instantly called Progressive and they searched the state database and informed me I had a 12$ outstanding bill because of a new law passed in Nevada for under insured/under covered motorists. I gladly paid the 12$ and asked that they please inform the NV DMV that I have had coverage from August 2013 paid in FULL! The representative said that she would, and at that point I was very happy. She also asked me if I wanted to pay for my policy renewal for August 2014 to August 2015, I said sure so I don't forget let's get that out of the way. So I paid for an additional year in full, thanked the rep for her time and went on my marry way. \n\nCome May 2014 I received another letter from the Nevada DMV, and stated if I do not provide proof of insurance from January 15th 2014 to March 15th  2014 that my license would be suspended, registration revoke, and could face possible fines up to and including jail time!? So I called Progressive and asked them WTF? Basically. I was informed according to their system connected to the NV DMV, that I did not have coverage from January 15th until March 15th 2014. I informed the rep that I paid in full effective August 2013 and I should be covered until August 2014, and I also paid my coverage until 2015! So I was kindly informed that because of the new law passed by Nevada - under insured motorist coverage needs to be offered, but not required. I informed the rep I never received anything in the mail, and in the event of a policy cancelation shouldn't I have received a phone call to remedy the situation! She said we are not required by state or federal law to call customers, just send them notifications in the mail! I then asked to speak to someone else, as she was becoming irate as if I was the one at fault here. \n\nSo I spoke to an under-writer and explained the situation. She said I have to pay any fines from Nevada of face jail time. At this point I was livid!!!!! I informed her that Progressive took my money to cover me for a year, a notice was supposedly sent to my house which I never received for a new Nevada state law. At that point Progressive dropped my coverage without so much as a phone call, and now I have to pay 500 dollars after you took 450$ to cover me for the year without at least a refund of that money!? And then took additional money for the next year clean to 2015!\nI then asked for a refund, and informed the women on the other line that I would be contacting the insurance commissioner and BBB and whatever other acronym agency I can call. Steer clear of these folks, the only reason I used them was because Esurance has motorcycle coverage through them. I have had Esurance for 10 years now, never had any issues like this crap. They call me to renew the policy every 6 months on my 4 cars, and make sure they are getting me the best price. I called my Esurance Rep and told him what happened; he said it happens to often with Progressive. I have a credit score of 760 and pay every bill I have ever had on time, and these morons take the cake that's for damn sure.
Went with a party of 8 for my friends Bachelor Party.  \n\nWe'll start with the good: \n\nHad the Pittsburgh Potato Pancake.  It was pretty good.  I wouldn't have known there was bacon on it had the menu not mentioned it, but pretty much everyone at the table enjoyed it (and there was enough that 8 guys were all able to have a bit of it).\n\nThe entr\u00e9es were fantastic. Since I don't think cows are all that tasty, I had and enjoyed the crabcakes.  A good amount of crab, not too much breading at all.  The roasted corn ancho chile sauce was a great compliment to them.\n\nEveryone else had steak and all loved it.  The only complaint was the coffee and cocoa crusted flat iron steak was incredibly small.  Temperatures ordered ranged from medium rare to medium well.  It looked to me like everything was cooked less than requested but no one was upset at doneness.  They looked delicious.  It's a joy to see a well cooked steak.  Made me wish i liked eating them.\n\nThe cotton candy after the meal.  Awesome.  Would have skipped the underwhelming dessert had I know it was coming.\n\nThe bad: We'd heard about how before ordering the meats were presented and explained.  We did not get this service, but did see it other tables getting it.\n\nOur group's wine snob described the wine list as \""terrible.\""  Nobody likes him though.  \n\nOur waitress didn't seem to know what beers they had.  The draft selection was limited to Bud's finest.  When asked what they had in bottles she replied \""almost everything\"" before shooting down several requests (Dogfish Head, Stella Artois, and Newcastle are a few I remember off the top of my head).\n\nThe guys that ordered the french onion soup thought it was delicious, but were upset that it was barely warm to the point it was hard to break through the cheese.\n\nDessert looked fantastic, but wasn't so good to eat.  The chocolate cake is incredibly rich, but merely ok.  The \""warmed\"" apple tart came cold.\n\nThey apparently don't believe in serving coffee with dessert either, as it came out a good 15 minutes after (and they neglected to offer milk or sugar). \n\nIf you're just going for dinner and aren't concerned about the extras (like service) the steaks were considered fantastic by all.  If you want a full restaurant experience (as you should be entitled to for their prices) you might be better off finding another place in the city.
Every time I eat here the food is bad... I keep trying other things because I love Mexican food and this is right by my house by the bean and cheese burritos taste awful, the breakfast burritos (my favorite breakfast food) tastes worse :( this will be the last time I ever waste my time or money here....
We ordered an egg free cake for a birthday. The cake is delivered on time. That is my first star. Other than that, nothing is worth mentioning. The cake is hard as hell and the sweetness is not up to the mark. The texture is too hard to cut through. I had number of egg free cakes before this, but this is not even close. Never again am I going to give this a chance and I don't recommend this to anybody else.
